sim_seconds                                  0.066861                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 66860943000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4274486124500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                7410717                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  7687328                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              252381036                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2604188                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   264.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1963251606                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2036531686                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys6.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys6.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst     82582000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data     31328236                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        89588                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        89642                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        89890                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        89116                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        89681                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        89644                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    114447797                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst     82582000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total     82582000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data      5898823                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data       131298                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data       131304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data       131256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data       130782                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data       130878                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data       130920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      6685261                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst     20645500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data      8684112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        44794                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        44821                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        44945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        44558                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        44841                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        44822                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::total     29598393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data      1933501                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data        43766                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data        43768                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data        43752                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data        43594                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data        43627                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data        43640                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::total      2195648                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst   1235130650                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data    468558094                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1339915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1340723                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1344432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1332856                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1341306                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1340753                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::total   1711728729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst   1235130650                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   1235130650                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data     88225244                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data      1963747                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data      1963837                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data      1963119                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data      1956030                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data      1957466                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data      1958094                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::total     99987537                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst   1235130650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data    556783338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3303663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3304560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      3307551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      3288886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      3298772                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      3298847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::total   1811716266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytes_written::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data       524288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytes_written::total       524288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.num_writes::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data       131072                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.num_writes::total       131072                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_write::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data      7841469                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_write::total       7841469                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_total::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data      7841469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_total::total       7841469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeReqs              131072                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeBursts            131072                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWritten           528992                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys        524288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts         114523                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0         2061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1         2073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2         2058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3         2078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4         2063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5         2069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6         2055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7         2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totGap            22306435500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::2        131072                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15             919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16             920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17             919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18             920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19             919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20             918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21             919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22             918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23             919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24             919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25             918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26             918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27             918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28             918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29             918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30             918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31             918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32             918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples         3117                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   169.711902                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   130.379138                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev    96.839957                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::32-63          486     15.59%     15.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::64-95          664     21.30%     36.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::96-127           81      2.60%     39.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-159           46      1.48%     40.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::160-191           36      1.15%     42.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::192-223           37      1.19%     43.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::224-255          249      7.99%     51.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1517     48.67%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::288-319            1      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total         3117                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples          918                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::0          918    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total          918                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples          918                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean    18.007625                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.007423                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.087037                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::18          911     99.24%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::19            7      0.76%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total          918                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBW                  7.91                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys               7.84                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtil                  0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilWrite             0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                8.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHits            13414                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate         81.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgGap              170184.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.pageHitRate             81.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE  60472858094                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF   5874877800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT    512887265                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::0     478396.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::1     464486.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::2     491702.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::3           450576                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::0           322728                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::1           313344                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::2           331704                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::3           303960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0   1714452.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1   1715281.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2   1713623.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3   1712378.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0 22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1 22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2 22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3 22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0 6683527831.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1 6682993545.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2 6684375882.240001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3 6682678686.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0  74115594576                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1  74116063248                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2  74114850672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3  74116339440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0   103765443522.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1   103765355443.200012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2   103765569120.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3   103765290578.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::0     77.845161                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::1     77.845095                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::2     77.845255                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::3     77.845046                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrQLen               17.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  60985745359                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF   5874877800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::0     16548537.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::1     16589059.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::2     16572729.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::3         16628976                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::0         11163696                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::1         11191032                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::2         11180016                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::3         11217960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::0    32712076.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::1    32715571.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::2    32715571.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::3    32651174.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0   3435540.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1   3430149.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2   3428904.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3   3418536.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0 22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1 22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2 22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3 22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0 7877387560.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1 7881208986.240001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2 7874809318.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3 7873994373.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0  73068349200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1  73064997072                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2  73070610816                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3  73071325680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0   103973402148.480011                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1   103973937407.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2   103973122893.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3   103973042237.759995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::0     78.001172                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::1     78.001574                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::2     78.000963                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::3     78.000902                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrQLen               17.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  60985745359                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF   5874877800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::0     21518179.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::1     21559305.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::2     21498220.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::3     21536323.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::0         14516232                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::1         14543976                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::2         14502768                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::3         14528472                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::0    32715571.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::1    32715571.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::2    32658662.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::3    32708083.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0   3429319.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1   3429734.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2   3426001.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3   3428075.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0 22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1 22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2 22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3 22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0 8180018709.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1 8190110116.799999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2 8189924397.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3 8194747034.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0  72802883280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1  72794031168                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2  72794194080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3  72789963696                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0   104018886828.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1   104020195409.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2   104020009667.519989                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3   104020717222.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::0     78.035295                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::1     78.036277                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::2     78.036137                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::3     78.036668                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        67584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        65792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        66048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        51456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        42752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        32000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total            343552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         6144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::total        16896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::writebacks       216320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total         216320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          257                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          201                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total               1342                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::writebacks          845                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total               845                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        22973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1010814                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       984012                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        11487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       987841                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        91892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       769597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        53604                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       639417                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       478605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        68919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         7658                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total              5138306                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        22973                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        11487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        91892                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        53604                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3829                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        68919                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::total          252704                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::writebacks        3235372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total             3235372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::writebacks        3235372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        22973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1010814                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       984012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        11487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       987841                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        91892                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       769597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        53604                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       639417                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       478605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        68919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         7658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total             8373678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                       1342                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                       845                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                    10736                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                    6760                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM                343552                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                 216832                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                 343552                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys              216320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           20                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0             1392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1             1296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2             1344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3             1432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4             1328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5             1288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6             1288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7             1368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0              832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1              872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2              800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3              944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4              801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5              808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6              808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7              911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                  66990851000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                10736                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                6760                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                   1334                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                   1334                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                   1334                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                   1335                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                   1335                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                   1335                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                   1336                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                   1336                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                   278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                   278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                   278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                   280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                   280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                   282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                   285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                   286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                   286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                   286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                   285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                   285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                   285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                   282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples         2483                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   225.688280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   198.312486                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev    70.795078                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::32-63          269     10.83%     10.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::64-95           11      0.44%     11.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::96-127           10      0.40%     11.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::128-159            9      0.36%     12.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::160-191           12      0.48%     12.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::192-223            8      0.32%     12.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::224-255          265     10.67%     23.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1899     76.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total         2483                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples          279                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean     38.451613                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    35.762762                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::0-7              1      0.36%      0.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8-15             5      1.79%      2.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           32     11.47%     13.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          101     36.20%     49.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           47     16.85%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           29     10.39%     77.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           21      7.53%     84.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           14      5.02%     89.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            6      2.15%     91.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            5      1.79%     93.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            4      1.43%     94.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            1      0.36%     95.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            3      1.08%     96.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            2      0.72%     97.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            1      0.36%     97.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            1      0.36%     97.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            1      0.36%     98.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.36%     98.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            1      0.36%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::232-239            1      0.36%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::296-303            1      0.36%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::336-343            1      0.36%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total          279                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples          279                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean     24.286738                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.238514                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.637094                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::16               1      0.36%      0.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24             267     95.70%     96.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::32              11      3.94%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total          279                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   320127648                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              502102848                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                  34355200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    29818.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               46768.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        5.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        3.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     5.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     3.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      8.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     30.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                    9380                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                   5649                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               83.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                  30631390.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   85.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE   60739604753                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF     5874877800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT      246140606                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::0           3682022.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::1           3717100.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::2           3578601.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::3           3619123.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::0                2483904                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::1                2507568                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::2                2414136                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::3                2441472                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::0          13574246.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::1          13822348.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::2          13224307.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::3          13192857.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0         6681968.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1         6608977.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2         6410327.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3         6416547.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0       22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1       22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2       22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3       22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0       6709249405.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1       6708625871.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2       6707674180.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3       6709849793.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0        74093031792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1        74093578752                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2        74094413568                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3        74092505136                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0         103792508876.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1         103792666155.840012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2         103791520657.920013                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3         103791830467.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::0           77.865465                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::1           77.865583                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::2           77.864724                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::3           77.864956                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        67584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        66048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        64768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        52736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        45568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        30464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         5888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            348416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         5888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total        16896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       212480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         212480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          206                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          178                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               1361                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks          830                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total               830                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        11487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        15315                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1010814                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       987841                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        11487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       968697                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        61261                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       788741                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         7658                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        68919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       681534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         3829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         7658                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       455632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        88063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        30631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              5211054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        15315                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        11487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        61261                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        68919                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         7658                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        88063                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total          252704                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        3177939                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             3177939                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        3177939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        11487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        15315                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1010814                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       987841                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        11487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       968697                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        61261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       788741                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         7658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        68919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       681534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         3829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         7658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       455632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        88063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        30631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             8388993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                       1361                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                       830                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    10888                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    6640                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                348192                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                    224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 212480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                 348416                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              212480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           29                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             1296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             1368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             1312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             1408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             1296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             1400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             1281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  66860945000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                10888                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                6640                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                   1354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   1353                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   1353                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   1354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   1354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   1354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                   271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                   271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                   274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                   281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                   281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                   281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                   281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                   280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                   274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples         2469                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   227.084650                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   200.178071                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    69.813909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-63          263     10.65%     10.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::64-95            9      0.36%     11.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::96-127            7      0.28%     11.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-159            1      0.04%     11.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::160-191            7      0.28%     11.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::192-223           11      0.45%     12.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::224-255          254     10.29%     22.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1917     77.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total         2469                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          276                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     39.278986                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    32.051188                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    35.627238                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-15             3      1.09%      1.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           25      9.06%     10.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          124     44.93%     55.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           42     15.22%     70.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           18      6.52%     76.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           17      6.16%     82.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           14      5.07%     88.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            4      1.45%     89.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            6      2.17%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            3      1.09%     92.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            3      1.09%     93.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            4      1.45%     95.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            3      1.09%     96.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            2      0.72%     97.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            1      0.36%     97.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            1      0.36%     97.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            1      0.36%     98.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            1      0.36%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            2      0.72%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::232-239            1      0.36%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::312-319            1      0.36%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          276                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          276                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     24.057971                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.003535                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.623769                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16               2      0.72%      0.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17               3      1.09%      1.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               3      1.09%      2.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24             261     94.57%     97.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::32               7      2.54%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          276                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   320240390                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              504673340                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                  34819200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    29431.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               46381.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        5.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        3.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     5.21                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     3.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      8.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     31.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                    9513                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   5539                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                87.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               83.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                  30516177.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   85.91                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   60744446271                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     5874877800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT      241733929                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0                3891888                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1           3631219.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::2           3863462.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::3           3784838.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0                2625480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1                2449632                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::2                2606304                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::3                2553264                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0          14390438.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1          13462924.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::2          14263142.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::3              13925184                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0         7023697.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1         6522716.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2         6864445.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3         6689018.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0       22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1       22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2       22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3       22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0       6710281205.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1       6707552209.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2       6710851825.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3       6709740189.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        74092126704                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        74094520560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2        74091626160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3        74092601280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         103794144951.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         103791944799.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2         103793880877.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3         103793099311.679993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0           77.866693                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1           77.865042                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::2           77.866495                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::3           77.865908                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data       524288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_read::total       524288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_reads::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data       131072                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_reads::total       131072                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      7841469                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_read::total        7841469                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      7841469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_total::total       7841469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readReqs               131072                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readBursts             131072                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM         4194304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadSys           524288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0        16384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1        16384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2        16384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3        16384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4        16384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5        16384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6        16384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7        16384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totGap           306706176500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::2         131072                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0           131072                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples        24820                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   168.988880                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   160.944998                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev    39.516340                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::32-47          768      3.09%      3.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::64-79          687      2.77%      5.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::96-111          798      3.22%      9.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-143         1271      5.12%     14.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::160-175         7274     29.31%     43.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::192-207        13072     52.67%     96.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::224-239          950      3.83%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total        24820                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totQLat             869117201                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totMemAccLat       3090787601                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totBusLat           419430400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgQLat               6630.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat         23580.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBW                 62.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys               7.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtil                  0.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilRead              0.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                0.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrQLen               24.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHits            106252                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          81.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgGap             2339982.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.pageHitRate             81.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE  42145353913                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF   5874877800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT  18840391446                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::0     4689619.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::1          4650912                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::2     4721068.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::3     4692643.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::0          3163632                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::1          3137520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::2          3184848                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::3          3165672                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::0    16357785.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::1    16357785.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::2    16357785.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::3    16357785.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0   3425587.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1        3431808                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2   3427246.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3   3424757.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0 22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1 22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2 22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3 22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0 7021236470.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1 7018778995.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2 7020740105.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3 7021054416.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0  73819358928                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1  73821514608                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2  73819794336                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3  73819518624                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0   103832037559.679993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1   103831677166.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2   103832030927.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3   103832019436.800018                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::0     77.895120                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::1     77.894850                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::2     77.895115                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::3     77.895106                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys1.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys1.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        67584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        66560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        65536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        51456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        43264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        32000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         5888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total            346624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         5888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::total        18944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::writebacks       219136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total         219136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          260                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          201                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total               1354                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::writebacks          856                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total               856                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        45946                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1010814                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        11487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       995499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         7658                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       980184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        84235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       769597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        42117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       647074                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       478605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        88063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        15315                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total              5184252                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        45946                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        11487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         7658                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        84235                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        42117                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3829                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        88063                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::total          283334                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::writebacks        3277489                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total             3277489                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::writebacks        3277489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        45946                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1010814                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        11487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       995499                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         7658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       980184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        84235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       769597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        42117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       647074                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       478605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        88063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        15315                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total             8461741                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                       1354                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                       856                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                    10832                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                    6848                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM                346400                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                    224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                 219392                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                 346624                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys              219136                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                     7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            9                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0             1336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1             1224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2             1312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3             1473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4             1376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5             1336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6             1304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7             1464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0              864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1              800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2              847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3              928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4              841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5              856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6              808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7              912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                  66992009000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                10832                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                6848                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                   1348                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                   1347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                   1348                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                   1349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                   1349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                   1349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                   1349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                   1349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                   281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                   281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                   281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                   281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                   281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                   283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                   283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                   283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                   284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                   284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                   284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                   284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                   285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                   283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                   287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                   290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                   290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                   290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                   290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                   290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                   289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                   289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                   285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                   282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples         2500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   226.316800                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   198.798862                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev    70.605559                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::32-63          276     11.04%     11.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::64-95            5      0.20%     11.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::96-127            8      0.32%     11.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.16%     11.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::160-191            6      0.24%     11.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::192-223            6      0.24%     12.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::224-255          271     10.84%     23.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1924     76.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total         2500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples          282                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean     38.386525                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    35.234389                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::0-3              1      0.35%      0.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             9      3.19%      3.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           21      7.45%     10.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          110     39.01%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           51     18.09%     68.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           30     10.64%     78.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           24      8.51%     87.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            8      2.84%     90.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            7      2.48%     92.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            2      0.71%     93.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            4      1.42%     94.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            3      1.06%     95.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.35%     96.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            2      0.71%     96.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.35%     97.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            1      0.35%     97.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::192-195            2      0.71%     98.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::208-211            1      0.35%     98.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::224-227            1      0.35%     98.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::232-235            1      0.35%     99.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::248-251            2      0.71%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total          282                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples          282                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean     24.312057                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.265282                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.692078                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24             272     96.45%     96.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::32               9      3.19%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::40               1      0.35%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total          282                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   321506690                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              504990440                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                  34640000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    29700.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               46650.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        5.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        3.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     5.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     3.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      8.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     31.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                    9460                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                   5721                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               83.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                  30313126.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   85.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE   60736160468                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF     5874877800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT      249584891                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::0           3596140.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::1                3755808                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::2           3626985.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::3           3636662.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::0                2425968                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::1                2533680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::2                2446776                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::3                2453304                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::0          13350604.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::1          13846809.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::2          13331635.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::3          13269235.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0         6512762.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1         6764912.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2         6456775.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3         6436454.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0       22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1       22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2       22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3       22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0       6707830132.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1       6708663299.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2       6709722295.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3       6709721037.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0        74094276768                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1        74093545920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2        74092616976                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3        74092618080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0         103791797914.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1         103792915967.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2         103792006981.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3         103791940310.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::0           77.864932                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::1           77.865771                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::2           77.865089                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::3           77.865039                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys3.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys3.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst    138568492                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     57040922                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       419084                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       419536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       418923                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data       420296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data       420580                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data       421790                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    198129623                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst    138568492                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    138568492                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data      9410385                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data        87306                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data        87306                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data        87321                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data        87482                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data        87446                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data        87436                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      9934682                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst     34642123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     15435130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       165889                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       166115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       165802                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       166409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data       166567                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data       167179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::total     51075214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data      3005586                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data        43653                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data        43653                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data        43661                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data        43741                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data        43723                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data        43718                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::total      3267735                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   2072487850                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data    853127692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      6267994                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      6274754                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      6265586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      6286121                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      6290369                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      6308466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::total   2963308833                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   2072487850                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2072487850                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data    140745622                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data      1305785                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data      1305785                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data      1306009                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data      1308417                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data      1307879                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data      1307729                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::total    148587225                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   2072487850                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data    993873314                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      7573779                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      7580539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      7571595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      7594538                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      7598248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      7616195                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3111896059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrQLen               26.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE  60985745359                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF   5874877800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::0     11583734.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::1     11613974.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::2     11616393.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::3     11588572.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::0          7814424                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::1          7834824                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::2          7836456                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::3          7817688                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::0    32713574.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::1    32715571.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::2    32715571.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::3    32615731.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0   3430978.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1   3429319.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2   3430563.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3   3416463.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0 22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1 22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2 22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3 22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0 7571114193.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1 7574892937.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2 7570952714.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3 7571581502.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0  73337010048                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1  73333695360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2  73337151696                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3  73336600128                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0   103927472490.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1   103927987524.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2   103927508932.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3   103927425623.039993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::0     77.966716                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::1     77.967102                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::2     77.966743                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::3     77.966680                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys5.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys5.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst    164366244                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     62416498                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       179038                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       178502                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       179554                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data       179016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data       178753                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data       178578                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    227856183                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst    164366244                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    164366244                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     11731899                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data       261926                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data       261912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data       261960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data       262434                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data       262345                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data       262296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::total     13304772                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst     41091561                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     17297501                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        89519                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        89251                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        89777                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        89508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        89377                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        89289                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::total     58925783                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data      3845203                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data        87309                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data        87304                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data        87320                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data        87478                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data        87449                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data        87432                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::total      4369495                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   2458329731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data    933527037                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2677767                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2669750                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      2685484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2677438                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      2673504                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      2670887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::total   3407911596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   2458329731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2458329731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data    175467148                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data      3917474                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data      3917265                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data      3917982                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data      3925072                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data      3923741                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data      3923008                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::total    198991689                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   2458329731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data   1108994185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      6595241                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      6587014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      6603467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      6602509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      6597245                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      6593894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3606903286                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys7.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        67072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        66048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        64512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        47360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        40448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        28672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total            330752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         6144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::total        15872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::writebacks       212480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total         212480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          185                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          158                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total               1292                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::writebacks          830                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total               830                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        30631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1003157                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         3829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       987841                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         7658                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       964868                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        91892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       708336                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        42117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       604957                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       428830                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        57433                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         7658                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total              4946864                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        30631                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         3829                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         7658                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        91892                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        42117                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3829                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        57433                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::total          237388                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::writebacks        3177939                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total             3177939                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::writebacks        3177939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        30631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1003157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         3829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       987841                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         7658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       964868                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        91892                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       708336                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        42117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       604957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       428830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        57433                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         7658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total             8124803                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                       1292                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                       830                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                    10336                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                    6640                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM                330496                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                    256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                 211936                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                 330752                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys              212480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                     8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           20                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0             1368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1             1240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2             1232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3             1384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4             1320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5             1168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6             1320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7             1296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0              848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1              823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2              760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3              888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4              808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5              824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6              800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7              872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                  67004810000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                10336                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                6640                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                   1287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                   1287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                   1287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                   1288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                   1288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                   1288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                   1288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                   1288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                   272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                   273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                   273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                   273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                   273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                   273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                   273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                   273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                   280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                   282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                   282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                   281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                   281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                   281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                   281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                   281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples         2398                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   226.201835                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   199.052734                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev    70.364088                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::32-63          257     10.72%     10.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::64-95           12      0.50%     11.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::96-127            8      0.33%     11.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.17%     11.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::160-191            8      0.33%     12.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::192-223           13      0.54%     12.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::224-255          256     10.68%     23.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1840     76.73%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total         2398                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples          275                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean     37.323636                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    33.585613                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::0-7              3      1.09%      1.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8-15             7      2.55%      3.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           24      8.73%     12.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          109     39.64%     52.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           50     18.18%     70.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           28     10.18%     80.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           21      7.64%     88.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            5      1.82%     89.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            7      2.55%     92.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            2      0.73%     93.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            2      0.73%     93.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            3      1.09%     94.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            4      1.45%     96.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            1      0.36%     96.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            1      0.36%     97.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            1      0.36%     97.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            1      0.36%     97.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            1      0.36%     98.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.36%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            2      0.73%     99.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::256-263            1      0.36%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::272-279            1      0.36%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total          275                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples          275                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean     24.083636                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.040803                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.448730                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::16               3      1.09%      1.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.36%      1.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24             265     96.36%     97.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::32               6      2.18%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total          275                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   303172268                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              478231868                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                  33049600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    29354.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               46304.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        4.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        3.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     4.95                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     3.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      8.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     30.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                    9020                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                   5533                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                87.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                  31576253.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   85.77                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE   60745624966                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF     5874877800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT      240120393                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::0           3618518.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::1           3709238.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::2           3517516.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::3           3596745.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::0                2441064                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::1                2502264                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::2                2372928                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::3                2426376                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::0          13426483.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::1          13638643.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::2          12928281.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::3              12969216                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0         6565847.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1         6681968.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2              6303744                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3         6409912.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0       22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1       22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2       22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3       22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0       6707529501.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1       6709662815.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2       6708046988.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3       6709574168.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0        74094540480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1        74092669152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2        74094086544                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3        74092746912                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0         103791927431.039993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1         103792669618.560013                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2         103791061539.840012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3         103791528867.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::0           77.865029                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::1           77.865586                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::2           77.864380                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::3           77.864730                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_written::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data      1048576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_written::total      1048576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_writes::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data       262144                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_writes::total       262144                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_write::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     15682938                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_write::total      15682938                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     15682938                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_total::total      15682938                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeReqs              262144                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeBursts            262144                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWritten          1057920                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys       1048576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts         229058                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0         4119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1         4160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2         4118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3         4150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4         4115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5         4141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6         4113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7         4144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totGap            44499562500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::2        262144                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15            1837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16            1839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17            1838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18            1840                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19            1838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20            1837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21            1837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22            1837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23            1839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24            1839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25            1838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26            1836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27            1836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28            1836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29            1836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30            1836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31            1836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32            1836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples         6153                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   171.935641                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   133.319231                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev    96.089244                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::32-63          880     14.30%     14.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::64-95         1319     21.44%     35.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::96-127          177      2.88%     38.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-159          100      1.63%     40.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::160-191           54      0.88%     41.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::192-223           88      1.43%     42.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::224-255          467      7.59%     50.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-287         3068     49.86%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total         6153                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1836                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::0         1836    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total         1836                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1836                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean    18.006536                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.006362                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.080603                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::18         1824     99.35%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::19           12      0.65%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total         1836                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBW                 15.82                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys              15.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtil                  0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilWrite             0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrQLen               24.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHits            26907                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate         81.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgGap              169752.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.pageHitRate             81.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE  59969786654                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF   5874877800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT   1015958705                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::0           916272                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::1     942278.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::2     927763.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::3     935020.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::0           618120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::1     635664.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::2           625872                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::3           630768                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0   3433466.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1   3428904.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2   3423928.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3   3424343.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0 22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1 22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2 22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3 22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0 6698669621.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1 6700570758.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2 6699059392.320001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3 6699450038.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0  74102312304                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1  74100644640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2  74101970400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3  74101627728                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0   103769755321.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1   103770027783.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2   103769812893.120010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3   103769873435.519989                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::0     77.848396                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::1     77.848600                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::2     77.848439                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::3     77.848484                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        66816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        65280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        64512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         6656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        49152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        43264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        29440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total            335872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         6656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::total        16896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::writebacks       215552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total         215552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total               1312                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::writebacks          842                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total               842                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        11487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       999328                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         3829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       976355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         3829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       964868                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        99550                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       735138                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        57433                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       647074                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       440317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        72748                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              5023441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        11487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         3829                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         3829                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        99550                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        57433                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3829                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        72748                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::total          252704                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::writebacks        3223885                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total             3223885                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::writebacks        3223885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        11487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       999328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         3829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       976355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         3829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       964868                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        99550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       735138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        57433                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       647074                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       440317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        72748                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total             8247326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                       1312                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                       842                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    10496                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                    6736                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                335680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                 215040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                 335872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys              215552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           18                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             1344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             1344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             1312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             1232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             1408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             1120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             1378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             1352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0              911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1              849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2              840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3              808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4              848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5              776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6              880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7              808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  66994310000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                10496                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                6736                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                   1307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1306                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   1307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   1307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   1307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                   278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                   283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                   285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                   285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                   285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                   284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                   284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                   284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                   284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                   280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                   278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples         2448                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   224.967320                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   197.388632                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    71.275143                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::32-63          266     10.87%     10.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::64-95           15      0.61%     11.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::96-127           11      0.45%     11.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-159           10      0.41%     12.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::160-191           11      0.45%     12.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::192-223           20      0.82%     13.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::224-255          254     10.38%     23.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1861     76.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total         2448                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples          277                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     37.783394                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    31.526559                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-3              2      0.72%      0.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             2      0.72%      1.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           25      9.03%     10.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          120     43.32%     53.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           42     15.16%     68.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           29     10.47%     79.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           19      6.86%     86.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            9      3.25%     89.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            4      1.44%     90.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            3      1.08%     92.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            6      2.17%     94.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.36%     94.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            3      1.08%     95.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            2      0.72%     96.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.36%     96.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.36%     97.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            1      0.36%     97.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            1      0.36%     97.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            1      0.36%     98.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            2      0.72%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::192-195            1      0.36%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::216-219            1      0.36%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::232-235            1      0.36%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total          277                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples          277                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     24.259928                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.225381                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.420968                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24             268     96.75%     96.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::32               9      3.25%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total          277                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   310994124                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              488799624                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                  33568000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    29646.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               46596.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        5.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        3.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     5.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     3.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      8.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     30.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                    9166                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                   5596                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               83.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                  31102279.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   85.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   60736445921                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     5874877800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT      249299438                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0           3660249.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1           3532636.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::2           3602188.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::3           3774556.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0                2469216                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1                2383128                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::2                2430048                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::3                2546328                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0              13568256                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1          12997171.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::2          13154918.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::3          13863283.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0         6695654.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1         6383370.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2         6456360.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3         6632202.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0       22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1       22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2       22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3       22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0       6706829358.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1       6705912142.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2       6708607047.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3       6710551030.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        74095154640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        74095959216                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2        74093595264                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3        74091890016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         103792182912                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         103790973201.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2         103791651364.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3         103793062953.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0           77.865221                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1           77.864313                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::2           77.864822                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::3           77.865881                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        67072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        66560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        65280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        48384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        43520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        30976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         5888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total            340736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         5888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::total        17664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::writebacks       218368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total         218368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          260                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          189                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          170                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total               1331                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::writebacks          853                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total               853                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        42117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1003157                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         7658                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       995499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       976355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        57433                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       723651                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         3829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        61261                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       650903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         7658                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       463290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        88063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         7658                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total              5096189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        42117                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7658                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        57433                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        61261                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         7658                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        88063                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::total          264190                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::writebacks        3266002                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total             3266002                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::writebacks        3266002                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        42117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1003157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         7658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       995499                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       976355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        57433                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       723651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         3829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        61261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       650903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         7658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       463290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        88063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         7658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total             8362191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                       1331                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                       853                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                    10648                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                    6824                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM                340512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                    224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                 218368                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                 340736                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys              218368                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                     7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           16                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0             1320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1             1256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2             1320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3             1384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4             1280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5             1272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6             1321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7             1488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0              832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1              816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2              857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3              855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4              808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5              808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6              872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7              976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                  66858369000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                10648                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                6824                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                   1322                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                   1321                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                   1323                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                   1324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                   1324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                   1325                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                   1325                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                   1325                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                   280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                   280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                   281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                   281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                   282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                   283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                   283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                   283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                   284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                   284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                   283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                   284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                   284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                   283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                   287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                   288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                   289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                   289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                   289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                   288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                   287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                   287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                   283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                   282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples         2468                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   226.450567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   199.295527                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev    70.276802                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::32-63          265     10.74%     10.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::64-95           12      0.49%     11.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::96-127            6      0.24%     11.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-159            5      0.20%     11.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::160-191            5      0.20%     11.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::192-223           12      0.49%     12.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::224-255          263     10.66%     23.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1900     76.99%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total         2468                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples          282                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean     37.734043                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    31.788953                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::0-7              1      0.35%      0.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8-15             1      0.35%      0.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           22      7.80%      8.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          117     41.49%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           51     18.09%     68.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           29     10.28%     78.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           21      7.45%     85.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           14      4.96%     90.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            4      1.42%     92.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            3      1.06%     93.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            2      0.71%     93.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            3      1.06%     95.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            7      2.48%     97.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            1      0.35%     97.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            1      0.35%     98.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            1      0.35%     98.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            1      0.35%     98.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            1      0.35%     99.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::248-255            1      0.35%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::336-343            1      0.35%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total          282                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples          282                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean     24.198582                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.160555                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.457438                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::16               1      0.35%      0.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24             273     96.81%     97.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::28               1      0.35%     97.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::32               6      2.13%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::36               1      0.35%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total          282                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   314426626                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              494791576                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                  34051200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    29548.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               46498.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        5.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        3.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     5.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     3.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      8.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     31.66                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                    9299                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                   5698                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate               83.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                  30612806.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   85.87                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE   60745706432                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF     5874877800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT      239674496                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::0                3610656                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::1           3756412.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::2           3452198.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::3           3782419.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::0                2435760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::1                2534088                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::2                2328864                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::3                2551632                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::0              13131456                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::1          13789401.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::2          12746572.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::3              13805376                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0         6612295.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1         6735467.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2         6267248.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3         6748323.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0       22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1       22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2       22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3       22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0       6708457552.320001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1       6710099644.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2       6705777476.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3       6711089693.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0        74093726400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1        74092285968                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2        74096077344                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3        74091417504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0         103791779657.280014                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1         103793006520                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2         103790455241.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3         103793200486.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::0           77.864918                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::1           77.865839                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::2           77.863925                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::3           77.865984                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data      1048576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_read::total      1048576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data       262144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_reads::total       262144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     15682938                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_read::total       15682938                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     15682938                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_total::total      15682938                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readReqs               262144                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readBursts             262144                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM         8380512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ             8096                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadSys          1048576                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ             253                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0        32768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1        32768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2        32714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3        32704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4        32766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5        32763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6        32704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7        32704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totGap           349535979500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::2         262144                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0           261891                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        49516                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   169.248566                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   161.281006                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    39.442306                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::32-47         1475      2.98%      2.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::64-79         1452      2.93%      5.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::96-111         1511      3.05%      8.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-143         2479      5.01%     13.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::160-175        14582     29.45%     43.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::192-207        25966     52.44%     95.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::224-239         2051      4.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        49516                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totQLat            1737117791                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totMemAccLat       6176170241                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totBusLat           838051200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgQLat               6632.98                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat         23582.98                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBW                125.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys              15.68                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtil                  1.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilRead              1.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrQLen               32.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHits            212375                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          81.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgGap             1333373.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.pageHitRate             81.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE  23343673265                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF   5874877800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT  37642072094                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::0          8467200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::1     8358940.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::2          8449056                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::3          8409744                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::0          5712000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::1          5638968                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::2          5699760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::3          5673240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::0    32715571.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::1    32656665.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::2    32712076.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::3    32651673.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0   3426831.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1        3431808                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2   3422684.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3   3426001.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0 22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1 22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2 22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3 22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0 7344441518.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1 7339533462.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2 7343707613.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3 7341404120.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0  73535845728                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1  73540151040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2  73536489504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3  73538510112                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0   103894414386.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1   103893576422.400009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2   103894286232                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3   103893880429.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::0     77.941915                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::1     77.941287                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::2     77.941819                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::3     77.941515                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys0.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys0.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::total            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::total            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data           15                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::total           15                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           15                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::total           15                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        67072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        65280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        65280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        48128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        43520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        29696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            338432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        17408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       212224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         212224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          188                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          170                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          116                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               1322                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks          829                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total               829                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        11487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1003157                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         3829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       976355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         3829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       976355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        84235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       719822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        68919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       650903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         7658                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       444146                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        80406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        26802                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              5061729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        11487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         3829                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         3829                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        84235                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        68919                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         7658                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        80406                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total          260361                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks        3174110                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             3174110                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks        3174110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        11487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1003157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         3829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       976355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         3829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       976355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        84235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       719822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        68919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       650903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         7658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       444146                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        80406                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        26802                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             8235840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                       1322                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                       829                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    10576                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    6632                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                337952                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    480                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 212480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                 338432                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              212224                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            9                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             1392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             1272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             1304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             1273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             1368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             1272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             1280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             1400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  66996398000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                10576                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                6632                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                   1312                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1312                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   1313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   1313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   1313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                   272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                   272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                   272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                   272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                   273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                   273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                   272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                   272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                   273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                   273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                   280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                   280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                   280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                   280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                   278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                   273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         2429                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   226.608481                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   199.941012                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    69.823550                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::32-63          254     10.46%     10.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::64-95           10      0.41%     10.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::96-127           12      0.49%     11.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.25%     11.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::160-191           13      0.54%     12.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::192-223           10      0.41%     12.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::224-255          250     10.29%     22.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1874     77.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         2429                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          273                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     38.655678                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    32.170876                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    33.175316                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             4      1.47%      1.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           18      6.59%      8.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          120     43.96%     52.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           40     14.65%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           34     12.45%     79.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           21      7.69%     86.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            9      3.30%     90.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.37%     90.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            5      1.83%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            5      1.83%     94.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            3      1.10%     95.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            3      1.10%     96.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.37%     96.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            1      0.37%     97.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            1      0.37%     97.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::176-179            2      0.73%     98.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            1      0.37%     98.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::200-203            1      0.37%     98.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::224-227            2      0.73%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::240-243            1      0.37%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          273                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          273                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     24.322344                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.256979                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.068348                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18               1      0.37%      0.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.37%      0.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24             261     95.60%     96.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::32               9      3.30%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::48               1      0.37%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          273                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   304479366                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              483488316                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                  33795200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    28830.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               45780.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        5.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        3.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     5.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     3.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      8.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     30.49                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                    9231                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   5541                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                87.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               83.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  31146628.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   85.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   60742109404                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     5874877800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT      243635955                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0           3668716.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1                3547152                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::2                3686256                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::3           3781209.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0                2474928                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1                2392920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::2                2486760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::3           2550816.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0          13626662.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1              13188864                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::2          13486886.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::3          13818355.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0         6672430.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1         6390005.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2         6638837.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3         6645473.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0       22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1       22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2       22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3       22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0       6706932615.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1       6704960451.840001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2       6709129240.320001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3       6710514750.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        74095064064                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        74096794032                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2        74093137200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3        74091921840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         103792244953.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         103791078962.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2         103792370717.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3         103793037982.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0           77.865267                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1           77.864393                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::2           77.865362                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::3           77.865862                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        67072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        64768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        65536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        47872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        41984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        29440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            336128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total        17408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks       212480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         212480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          187                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total               1313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks          830                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total               830                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        42117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1003157                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         7658                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       968697                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       980184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        84235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       715993                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        61261                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       627930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       440317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        61261                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        19144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              5027270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        42117                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7658                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        84235                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        61261                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3829                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        61261                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total          260361                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks        3177939                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             3177939                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks        3177939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        42117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1003157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         7658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       968697                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       980184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        84235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       715993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        61261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       627930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       440317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        61261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        19144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total             8205209                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                       1313                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                       830                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    10504                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                    6640                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                335616                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                 212992                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                 336128                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys              212480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            5                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             1456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             1376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             1232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             1232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             1336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             1232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             1216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             1408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0              928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1              888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2              817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3              767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4              848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5              760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6              784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7              864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  67007863000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                10504                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                6640                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                   1309                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1309                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1309                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   1310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   1310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   1310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                   278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                   278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples         2422                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   226.510322                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   199.005292                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    70.512426                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::32-63          267     11.02%     11.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::64-95            7      0.29%     11.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::96-127            4      0.17%     11.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.17%     11.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::160-191            2      0.08%     11.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::192-223            8      0.33%     12.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::224-255          263     10.86%     22.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1867     77.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total         2422                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples          277                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     37.920578                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    32.214085                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-7              1      0.36%      0.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8-15             6      2.17%      2.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           21      7.58%     10.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          119     42.96%     53.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           43     15.52%     68.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           32     11.55%     80.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           17      6.14%     86.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           10      3.61%     89.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            5      1.81%     91.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            3      1.08%     92.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            1      0.36%     93.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            2      0.72%     93.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            3      1.08%     94.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            2      0.72%     95.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            2      0.72%     96.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            1      0.36%     96.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            1      0.36%     97.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            2      0.72%     97.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.36%     98.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            2      0.72%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.36%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            1      0.36%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::272-279            1      0.36%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total          277                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples          277                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     24.028881                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.014725                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.833556                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16               1      0.36%      0.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24             274     98.92%     99.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::32               2      0.72%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total          277                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   301533860                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              479305460                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                  33561600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    28750.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               45700.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        5.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        3.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     5.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     3.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      8.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     31.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                    9167                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                   5555                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                87.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               83.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                  31268251.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   85.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   60752778571                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     5874877800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT      232966788                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0           3697747.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1           3501187.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::2           3549571.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::3           3633638.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0                2494512                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1                2361912                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::2                2394552                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::3                2451264                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0          13729996.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1          12927283.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::2              12951744                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::3              13256256                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0         6695239.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1         6327383.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2         6370099.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3         6499491.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0       22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1       22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2       22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3       22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0       6708074840.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1       6707619460.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2       6708689072.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3       6708721083.840001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        74094062112                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        74094461568                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2        74093523312                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3        74093495232                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         103792559985.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         103791004331.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2         103791283888.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3         103791862503.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0           77.865504                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1           77.864337                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::2           77.864546                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::3           77.864980                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys2.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys2.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys4.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys4.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst     69672568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data     28634898                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       210278                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       210380                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       209701                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data       209734                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data       209430                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data       209954                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::total     99566943                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst     69672568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total     69672568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      4734527                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data        43766                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data        43766                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data        43758                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data        43594                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data        43626                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data        43640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      4996677                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst     17418142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      7750996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        83256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        83307                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        82975                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        83070                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        82902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        83157                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::total     25667805                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      1512536                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data        21883                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data        21883                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data        21879                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data        21797                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data        21813                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data        21820                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::total      1643611                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst   1042051830                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data    428275413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      3145005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3146531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      3136375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      3136869                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      3132322                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      3140159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::total   1489164504                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst   1042051830                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   1042051830                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data     70811550                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       654582                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       654582                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       654463                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       652010                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data       652489                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data       652698                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::total     74732374                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst   1042051830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data    499086963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3799587                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3801113                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      3790838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      3788879                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      3784811                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      3792857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::total   1563896878                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE  60985745359                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF   5874877800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0 22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1 22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2 22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3 22963805537.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0 6666654044.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1 6666654044.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2 6666654044.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3 6666654044.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0  74130396144                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1  74130396144                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2  74130396144                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3  74130396144                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0   103760855725.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1   103760855725.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2   103760855725.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3   103760855725.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::0     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::1     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::2     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::3     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             2312797                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            2312797                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1179708                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp           1179708                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              6715                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              257                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            282                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             126                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                68                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               62                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          292                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave      6992228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      6992520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                6992520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave     12975999                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12976583                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12976583                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1156398500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   2476554500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   1179708000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    589854000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    110797500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       128999                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       141000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        63000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        34499                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      1023000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        77536                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp       106987                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq        27493                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp        44770                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback          451                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            7                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           17                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            5                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     21948477                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     47227999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      8258675                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     18162000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback       610730                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        25999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         6000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        33499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        42500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                        105702                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                       151766                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                   3481794                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                       104552                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime              30036162                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                  3481794                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                      151418                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime             65035500                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime            30877380                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime           65438499                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                              419                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             17887                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   17887    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               17887                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy               95000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                 146                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy          2446903000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded             3499262                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy         3067494500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded            3492693                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq            2312695                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp           2312695                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq           1179664                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp          1179664                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback             6715                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              91                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            35                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            126                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq               62                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp              62                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          911                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          893                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          835                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          866                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port          937                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          902                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       630784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       314456                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       529812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       265758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total      1747954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          891                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          841                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          823                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          929                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port          933                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          799                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          877                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       630434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       315782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       530200                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       264564                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total      1747938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          921                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          853                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          889                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          891                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port          854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          877                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          941                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       630432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       314364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       530086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       265988                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total      1747920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          919                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          861                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port          858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          876                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          883                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       628570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       314882                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       531928                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       265546                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total      1747997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total               6991809                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port       143104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port       144896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port       140032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port       132096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port       136704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port       147200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port       139776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port       137728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       761742                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       380244                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       661003                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       331730                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total      3256255                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port       138496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port       133632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port       135168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port       131584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port       148992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port       145408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port       127488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port       137984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       762208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       381148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       661028                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       329916                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total      3233053                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port       132096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port       143616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port       139520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port       139008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port       137472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port       135424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port       138240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port       146432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       761030                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       379519                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       661486                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       331128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total      3244971                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port       147200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port       128512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port       136704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port       145920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port       135936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port       137728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port       137728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port       137728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       759526                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       380716                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       662797                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       331225                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total      3241720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total               12975999                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   2500918694                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   5607195120                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   2436131697                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   1626270500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     63120600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       126200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        48600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       178674                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        85600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       608524                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        71586                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp         1323                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq        21199                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp          418                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     24594000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      5381497                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      7230400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      1862000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback          400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         2200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        12200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                        92793                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                        1741                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                  3481794                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                       92775                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime             31809400                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                 3481794                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                       1484                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime             6904500                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime           31839600                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime           7243497                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy            9746800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded               2220                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy            9655600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded               2160                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy            9775600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded               2172                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy            9646800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded               2148                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy            9903200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded               2200                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy            9953800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded               2219                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy            9638000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded               2142                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy            9848200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded               2207                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy               2200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded                  1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy        1618485695                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded           1260110                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy         809143799                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded            629742                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy        1662750499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded           1061013                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy         831881198                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded            530928                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy        1809063733                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded            873138                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy        1807949537                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded            873122                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy        1808738546                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded            873105                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy        1808501002                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded            873182                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq      2312695                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp      2312695                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq      1179664                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp      1179664                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback         6715                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           91                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           35                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          126                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq           62                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp           62                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave      1747954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave      1747938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave      1747920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave      1747997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total      6991809                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave      3256255                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave      3233053                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave      3244971                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave      3241720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total     12975999                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1850156000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   2114177000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   1061697600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    943731200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     26860000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        72800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        28000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       100800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        49600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       248000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp        25820                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp        11178                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            5                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     18169644                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      7782063                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp         7100                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                 37003                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess            3481794                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess           3481794                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                36736                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime      25781207                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime     25958807                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy    734705700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded       874816                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy    734786700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded       874816                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy    734794500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded       874815                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy    734577100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded       874815                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy   3058257000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded      3492547                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2334961                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2334961                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           1179708                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          1179708                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback             4790                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             276                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           293                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            569                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           21                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp           21                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              468                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             468                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1922                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1168295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1168691                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1168366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1169095                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1169928                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1171523                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          572                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          421                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               7031223                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       246016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2371376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         1148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       284928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2423656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         1148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       208384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2387843                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         1164                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       194816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2558674                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         1140                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       235776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2665963                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         1172                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       201984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2726370                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         1144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        87552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        45837                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16646179                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1167519921                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   3166376937                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   1179708000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    589865468                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    155676496                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       138499                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       146500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        79996                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq        10500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       240985                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     10967945                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        60389                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp          704                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq        21746                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback          347                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           46                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           52                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           88                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           22                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    147064491                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      7388805                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     51344999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback     12649459                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      1001000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      1053500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        68000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq       234500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      1821495                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       273985                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                        82821                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                         730                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                  3481794                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                       79347                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime            152249999                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                 3481794                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime          215169444                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime           7730790                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                            5021                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            38577                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47                 38577    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              38577                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2503449901                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded            3520517                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          31255936                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded               961                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         620015376                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded            584463                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy            290992                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded               287                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy          36194442                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded              1113                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy         624018893                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded            584626                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy            288996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded               287                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy         26472948                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded              814                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy        619164874                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization            0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded           584437                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.occupancy           292996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded              291                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.occupancy         24766421                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded              761                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy        619133863                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization            0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded           584460                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.occupancy           286996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded              285                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.occupancy         29963921                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded              921                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.occupancy        622669359                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.utilization            0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded           584726                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.occupancy             9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                9                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.occupancy           295495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded              293                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.occupancy         25659450                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded              789                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy        619134860                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization            0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded           585340                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.occupancy             7000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                7                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.occupancy           287996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded              286                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy         11115998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              342                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy          5936999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              223                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                6                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         6685                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         6685    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         6685                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6685                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         6685    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         6685                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6685                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         6685    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         6685                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6685                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         6685    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         6685                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::samples         6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::0            6685    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::total         6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::0           6685    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::total         6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count::total             2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size::total              1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy         1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy          700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         6685                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         6685    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         6685                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6685                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         6685    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         6685                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6685                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         6685    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         6685                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6685                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         6685    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         6685                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::samples         6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::0            6685    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::total         6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::0           6685    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::total         6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         6685                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         6685    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         6685                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6685                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         6685    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         6685                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6685                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         6685    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         6685                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6685                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         6685    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         6685                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::samples         6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::0            6685    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::total         6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::0           6685    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::total         6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_access              34642123                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_access              18702860                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            262144                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numCycles                89016129                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedInsts           33598290                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedOps             33598306                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     29290298                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_func_calls                  7                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3134873                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_insts            29290298                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_reads     53485951                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_writes     23149839                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    147886737                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     18295623                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_mem_refs             18702860                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_load_insts           15697274                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_store_insts           3005586                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_idle_cycles      29759776.438340                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_busy_cycles      59256352.561660                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.not_idle_fraction        0.665681                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.idle_fraction            0.334319                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.Branches                  4308013                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         14895446     44.33%     44.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     44.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     44.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     44.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     44.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     44.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     44.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     44.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     44.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     44.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     44.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     44.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     44.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     44.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     44.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     44.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     44.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     44.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     44.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     44.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     44.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     44.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     44.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     44.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     44.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     44.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     44.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     44.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     44.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemRead        15697274     46.72%     91.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        3005586      8.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::total          33598306                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       262144                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       262144    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       262144                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         6685                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 15682991.772625                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 11138386.594085                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-2.09715e+06         2236     33.45%     33.45% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-4.1943e+06            0      0.00%     33.45% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-6.29146e+06            1      0.01%     33.46% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-8.38861e+06            1      0.01%     33.48% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.04858e+07            4      0.06%     33.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.25829e+07            2      0.03%     33.57% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.46801e+07            1      0.01%     33.58% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.67772e+07            2      0.03%     33.61% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.88744e+07            0      0.00%     33.61% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     33.61% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.30687e+07          397      5.94%     39.55% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.30687e+07-2.51658e+07         4038     60.40%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.7263e+07            3      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.7263e+07-2.93601e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.14573e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.14573e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.56516e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.56516e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-3.98459e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.98459e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         6685                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 15682937.645675      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalReadBytes           1048576                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6685                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         6685    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         6685                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       262144                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 31145.683289                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 28265.790570                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 19986.392763                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-8191          253      0.10%      0.10% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::8192-16383            0      0.00%      0.10% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-24575       212375     81.01%     81.11% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%     81.11% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-40959        33545     12.80%     93.91% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::40960-49151          332      0.13%     94.03% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-57343          380      0.14%     94.18% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::57344-65535          229      0.09%     94.27% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-73727         1101      0.42%     94.69% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::73728-81919          423      0.16%     94.85% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-90111         1021      0.39%     95.24% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::90112-98303          606      0.23%     95.47% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-106495         3627      1.38%     96.85% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::106496-114687         1911      0.73%     97.58% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-122879         3577      1.36%     98.95% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::122880-131071         1532      0.58%     99.53% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-139263         1232      0.47%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       262144                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       262143                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   169752.856265                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  99517.686850                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000           86      0.03%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000           14      0.01%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0      0.00%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0      0.00%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000        67819     25.87%     25.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000         5745      2.19%     28.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows       188479     71.90%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        73500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value     21382000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::total        262143                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        262144                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     1333373.945236                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    595774005.864563                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000           86      0.03%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           14      0.01%      0.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0      0.00%      0.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0      0.00%      0.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000        67819     25.87%     25.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000         5745      2.19%     28.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows       188480     71.90%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        73500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value 305036456500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::total          262144                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6685                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.116530                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.320883                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         5906     88.35%     88.35% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1          779     11.65%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         6685                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6685                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         6685    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         6685                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::samples         6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::mean    39.207479                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    27.845241                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::0-3          2236     33.45%     33.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::4-7             0      0.00%     33.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::8-11            0      0.00%     33.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::12-15            1      0.01%     33.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::16-19            1      0.01%     33.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::20-23            3      0.04%     33.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::24-27            2      0.03%     33.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::28-31            1      0.01%     33.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::32-35            1      0.01%     33.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::36-39            1      0.01%     33.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::40-43            1      0.01%     33.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::44-47            0      0.00%     33.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::48-51            0      0.00%     33.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::52-55            6      0.09%     33.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::56-59         2989     44.71%     78.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::60-63         1443     21.59%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::64-67            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::68-71            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::72-75            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::76-79            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::total         6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::0           6685    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::total         6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     51337358                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     51337359                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      3267735                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      3267735                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.Smon-slave       524288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port     36881432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::total     37405720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port     69284247                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::total     69284247                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port      2520220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::total      2520220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count::total     109210187                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.Smon-slave      1048576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port     66451307                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::total     67499883                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port    138568496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::total    138568496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port      3044506                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::total      3044506                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size::total      209112885                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  25668679000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  54323889700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   3267735000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   2174053900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     17842980                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     35964714                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       396110                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       515424                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   2109773000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  14986771700                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     63674000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    103104300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedReq             18239090                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedResp            36480138                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqSuccess          1260110                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqFail              403334                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime    165218500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespSuccess         1260110                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespFail              18592                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime      3816400                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   2173447000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  15089876000                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    131072000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       262144                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  28805342000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         43.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     54342949                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  19770550300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         29.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     18702860                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  35395883600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         52.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     34642124                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy   1331509700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded      1260110                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_access              17418142                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_access               9394604                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            131072                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numCycles               613503717                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedInsts           16891405                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedOps             16891412                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     14719247                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_func_calls                  3                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1578980                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_insts            14719247                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_reads     26873703                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_writes     11627730                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_cc_register_reads     74320440                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_cc_register_writes      9206236                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_mem_refs              9394604                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_load_insts            7882068                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_store_insts           1512536                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_idle_cycles      408339369.292054                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_busy_cycles      205164347.707946                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.not_idle_fraction        0.334414                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.idle_fraction            0.665586                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.Branches                  2172169                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntAlu          7496808     44.38%     44.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     44.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     44.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     44.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     44.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     44.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     44.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     44.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     44.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     44.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     44.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     44.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     44.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     44.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     44.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     44.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     44.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     44.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     44.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     44.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     44.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     44.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     44.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     44.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     44.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     44.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     44.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     44.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     44.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemRead         7882068     46.66%     91.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        1512536      8.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::total          16891412                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       131072                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       131072    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       131072                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         6685                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 7842752.430815                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 11100247.066730                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-2.09715e+06         4454     66.63%     66.63% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-4.1943e+06            0      0.00%     66.63% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-6.29146e+06            2      0.03%     66.66% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     66.66% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.04858e+07            4      0.06%     66.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.25829e+07            2      0.03%     66.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.46801e+07            2      0.03%     66.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.67772e+07            1      0.01%     66.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.88744e+07            4      0.06%     66.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-2.09715e+07            2      0.03%     66.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.30687e+07          212      3.17%     70.05% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.30687e+07-2.51658e+07         2001     29.93%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.7263e+07            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.7263e+07-2.93601e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.14573e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.14573e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.56516e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.56516e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-3.98459e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.98459e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         6685                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 7841468.822837      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalReadBytes            524288                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6685                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         6685    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         6685                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       131072                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 31169.475555                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 28315.580371                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 19987.798329                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::8192-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-24575       106252     81.06%     81.06% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%     81.06% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-40959        16866     12.87%     93.93% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::40960-49151          156      0.12%     94.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-57343          175      0.13%     94.18% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::57344-65535          113      0.09%     94.27% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-73727          562      0.43%     94.70% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::73728-81919          205      0.16%     94.86% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-90111          520      0.40%     95.25% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::90112-98303          330      0.25%     95.50% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-106495         1849      1.41%     96.91% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::106496-114687          855      0.65%     97.57% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-122879         1680      1.28%     98.85% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::122880-131071          859      0.66%     99.50% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-139263          650      0.50%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       131072                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       131071                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   170180.764624                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  94516.011096                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000        34974     26.68%     26.68% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000         2881      2.20%     28.88% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        93216     71.12%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        93500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value      8344000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::total        131071                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        131072                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     2339982.425690                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    785552117.491100                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000        34974     26.68%     26.68% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000         2881      2.20%     28.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        93217     71.12%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        93500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value 284400413500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::total          131072                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6685                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.059835                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.237199                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         6285     94.02%     94.02% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1          400      5.98%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         6685                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6685                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         6685    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         6685                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::samples         6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::mean    19.606881                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    27.750531                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::0-3          4454     66.63%     66.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::4-7             0      0.00%     66.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::8-11            1      0.01%     66.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::12-15            1      0.01%     66.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::16-19            0      0.00%     66.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::20-23            4      0.06%     66.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::24-27            0      0.00%     66.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::28-31            2      0.03%     66.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::32-35            1      0.01%     66.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::36-39            1      0.01%     66.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::40-43            1      0.01%     66.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::44-47            4      0.06%     66.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::48-51            1      0.01%     66.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::52-55            2      0.03%     66.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::56-59         1510     22.59%     89.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::60-63          703     10.52%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::64-67            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::68-71            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::72-75            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::76-79            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::total         6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::0           6685    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::total         6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     25798877                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     25798876                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      1643611                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      1643611                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.Smon-slave       262144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port     18527064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::total     18789208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port     34836283                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::total     34836283                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port      1259484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::total      1259484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count::total      54884975                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.Smon-slave       524288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port     33369425                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::total     33893713                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port     69672564                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::total     69672564                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port      1521627                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::total      1521627                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size::total      105087904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  12899438500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  27300670600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   1643611000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   1093814500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq      8971851                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     18070425                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       198123                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       257840                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1059465500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   7537778200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     31895000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     51572500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedReq              9169974                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedResp            18328265                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           629742                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqFail              200413                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     82062000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          629742                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespFail               7512                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime      1537900                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   1091360500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime   7589350700                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy     65536000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       131072                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  14477513500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         21.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     27311416                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy   9931589600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         14.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded      9394604                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  17797064000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         26.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     17418141                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    665831500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       629742                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_access              41091561                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_access              21404848                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            262144                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numCycles                89016138                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedInsts           40829417                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedOps             40829433                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     34969761                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_func_calls                  7                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3973633                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_insts            34969761                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_reads     63160690                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_writes     26888782                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    174380799                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     23533901                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_mem_refs             21404848                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_load_insts           17297501                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_store_insts           4107347                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_idle_cycles      29759774.121761                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_busy_cycles      59256363.878239                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.not_idle_fraction        0.665681                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.idle_fraction            0.334319                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.Branches                  5859677                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         19424585     47.57%     47.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     47.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     47.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     47.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     47.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     47.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     47.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     47.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     47.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     47.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     47.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     47.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     47.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     47.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     47.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     47.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     47.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemRead        17297501     42.37%     89.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        4107347     10.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::total          40829433                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples       262144                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4       262144    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total       262144                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         6685                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         6685    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         6685                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6685                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 15682991.772625                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 11138702.510673                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-2.09715e+06         2236     33.45%     33.45% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-4.1943e+06            0      0.00%     33.45% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-6.29146e+06            1      0.01%     33.46% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-8.38861e+06            1      0.01%     33.48% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.04858e+07            4      0.06%     33.54% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.25829e+07            2      0.03%     33.57% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.46801e+07            1      0.01%     33.58% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.67772e+07            1      0.01%     33.60% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.88744e+07            1      0.01%     33.61% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     33.61% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.30687e+07          432      6.46%     40.07% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.30687e+07-2.51658e+07         4006     59.93%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.7263e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.7263e+07-2.93601e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.14573e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.56516e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.56516e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-3.98459e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.98459e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         6685                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 15682937.645675      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalWrittenBytes        1048576                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples       262144                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607       262144    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total       262144                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples       262143                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 169753.006947                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 120076.225130                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000        13565      5.17%      5.17% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000        57411     21.90%     27.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     27.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     27.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000        26060      9.94%     37.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000          852      0.33%     37.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     37.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     37.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows       164255     62.66%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        65000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value     20975500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total       262143                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        262143                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     169753.006947                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    120076.225130                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        13565      5.17%      5.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000        57411     21.90%     27.08% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0      0.00%     27.08% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0      0.00%     27.08% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000        26060      9.94%     37.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000          852      0.33%     37.34% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0      0.00%     37.34% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0      0.00%     37.34% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows       164255     62.66%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        65000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value     20975500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::total          262143                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6685                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         6685    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         6685                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6685                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.017352                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.130590                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         6569     98.26%     98.26% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1          116      1.74%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         6685                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::samples         6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::0            6685    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::total         6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::mean    39.207479                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev    27.846756                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::0-3         2236     33.45%     33.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::4-7            0      0.00%     33.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::8-11            0      0.00%     33.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::12-15            1      0.01%     33.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::16-19            1      0.01%     33.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::20-23            4      0.06%     33.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::24-27            1      0.01%     33.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::28-31            1      0.01%     33.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::32-35            1      0.01%     33.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::36-39            1      0.01%     33.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::40-43            1      0.01%     33.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::44-47            0      0.00%     33.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::48-51            0      0.00%     33.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::52-55            6      0.09%     33.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::56-59         2969     44.41%     78.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::60-63         1463     21.88%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::64-67            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::68-71            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::72-75            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::76-79            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::total         6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     58925783                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     58925784                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      4631639                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      4631639                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.Smon-slave       524288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port     42285408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::total     42809696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port     82183123                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::total     82183123                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port      2122026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::total      2122026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count::total     127114845                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.Smon-slave      1048576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port     74148397                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::total     75196973                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port    164366248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::total    164366248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port      2646314                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::total      2646314                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size::total      242209535                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  29462891500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  62648716100                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   4631639000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   3113930500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     22852651                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     40193304                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       394298                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       257977                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   2620394000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  17676001300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    134118000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     51635400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedReq             23246949                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedResp            40451281                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqSuccess          1061013                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqFail              442179                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime    180526500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespSuccess         1061013                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespFail               5515                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime      1185000                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   2754512000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  17727636700                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    262144000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       262144                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  33832386500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         50.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     63295278                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  22764743600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         34.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     21404848                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  42035687200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         62.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     41091562                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    962215800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded      1061013                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_access              20645501                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_access              10748685                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            131072                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numCycles              2394250282                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedInsts           20514426                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedOps             20514433                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     17564998                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_func_calls                  3                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1999049                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_insts            17564998                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_reads     31721809                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_writes     13501375                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_cc_register_reads     87595635                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     11830299                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_mem_refs             10748685                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_load_insts            8684112                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_store_insts           2064573                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_idle_cycles      1593579052.510293                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_busy_cycles      800671229.489707                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.not_idle_fraction        0.334414                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.idle_fraction            0.665586                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.Branches                  2949439                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntAlu          9765748     47.60%     47.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     47.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     47.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     47.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     47.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     47.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     47.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     47.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     47.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     47.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     47.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     47.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     47.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     47.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     47.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     47.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     47.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemRead         8684112     42.33%     89.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        2064573     10.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::total          20514433                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples       131072                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4       131072    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total       131072                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         6685                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         6685    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         6685                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6685                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 7842752.430815                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 11100408.803585                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-2.09715e+06         4454     66.63%     66.63% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-4.1943e+06            1      0.01%     66.64% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-6.29146e+06            1      0.01%     66.66% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-8.38861e+06            2      0.03%     66.69% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.04858e+07            2      0.03%     66.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.25829e+07            2      0.03%     66.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.46801e+07            1      0.01%     66.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.67772e+07            2      0.03%     66.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.88744e+07            3      0.04%     66.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-2.09715e+07            3      0.04%     66.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.30687e+07          230      3.44%     70.32% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.30687e+07-2.51658e+07         1983     29.66%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.7263e+07            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.7263e+07-2.93601e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.14573e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.56516e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.56516e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-3.98459e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.98459e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         6685                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 7841468.822837      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalWrittenBytes         524288                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples       131072                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607       131072    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total       131072                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples       131071                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 170185.895431                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 116233.101290                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000         6922      5.28%      5.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000        29661     22.63%     27.91% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     27.91% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     27.91% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000        12059      9.20%     37.11% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000          383      0.29%     37.40% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     37.40% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     37.40% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows        82046     62.60%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        65000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value      8409000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total       131071                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        131071                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     170185.895431                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    116233.101290                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000         6922      5.28%      5.28% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000        29661     22.63%     27.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0      0.00%     27.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0      0.00%     27.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000        12059      9.20%     37.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000          383      0.29%     37.40% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0      0.00%     37.40% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0      0.00%     37.40% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        82046     62.60%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        65000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value      8409000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::total          131071                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6685                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         6685    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         6685                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6685                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.009274                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.095864                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         6623     99.07%     99.07% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1           62      0.93%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         6685                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::samples         6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::0            6685    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::total         6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::mean    19.606881                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev    27.751022                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::0-3         4454     66.63%     66.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::4-7            0      0.00%     66.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::8-11            1      0.01%     66.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::12-15            1      0.01%     66.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::16-19            0      0.00%     66.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::20-23            4      0.06%     66.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::24-27            0      0.00%     66.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::28-31            2      0.03%     66.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::32-35            1      0.01%     66.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::36-39            1      0.01%     66.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::40-43            1      0.01%     66.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::44-47            3      0.04%     66.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::48-51            2      0.03%     66.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::52-55            4      0.06%     66.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::56-59         1507     22.54%     89.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::60-63          704     10.53%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::64-67            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::68-71            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::72-75            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::76-79            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::total         6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     29598393                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     29598393                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      2326720                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      2326720                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.Smon-slave       262144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port     21235226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::total     21497370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port     41291000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::total     41291000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port      1061856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::total      1061856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count::total      63850226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.Smon-slave       524288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port     37227059                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::total     37751347                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port     82582000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::total     82582000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port      1323999                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::total      1323999                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size::total      121657346                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  14799196500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  31468941800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   2326720000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   1564611200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     11481770                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     20186650                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       197133                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       128855                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1315148000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   8882901600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     66976000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     25782500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedReq             11678903                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedResp            20315505                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           530928                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqFail              220380                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     89811000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          530928                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespFail               2408                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       513600                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   1382124000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime   8908684100                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    131072000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       131072                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  16994844500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         25.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     31794041                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  11432124700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         17.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     10748685                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  21119773200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         31.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     20645500                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    481655100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       530928                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         6685                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         6685    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         6685                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6685                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         6685    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         6685                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6685                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         6685    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         6685                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6685                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         6685    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         6685                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::samples         6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::0            6685    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::total         6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::0           6685    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::total         6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                     10860                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8163.941722                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       31899                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     10860                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.937293                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3901.667905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     4.029311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst    63.456432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   896.966094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     1.969566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst    25.443256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   841.105438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     1.631063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst    33.381286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   835.715667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.930509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.itb.walker     1.275970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst    29.793398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   519.373056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     1.199673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst    20.065688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   412.550252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.586742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst     5.752463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   245.849396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst            4                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     8.958636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst   237.324073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data    69.915844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.476278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.007746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.109493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.003106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.102674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.004075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.102016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.itb.walker     0.000156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.003637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.063400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.000146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.002449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.050360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.000702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.030011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.001094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.028970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.008535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          348                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1615                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5715                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.002930                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.989502                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    279807                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   279807                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst          886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         1337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst         1085                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         1477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst          797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         1421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst          547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         1873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst          769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data         2173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst          774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         2439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           74                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   17565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             4790                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  4790                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   27                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   267                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst           886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data          1377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst          1085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data          1527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst           797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data          1464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst           547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data          1913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst           769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data          2218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst           774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data          2476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data            86                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    17832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          281                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst          886                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data         1377                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          284                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst         1085                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data         1527                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst          797                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data         1464                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          280                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst          547                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data         1913                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          290                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst          769                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data         2218                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          285                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst          774                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data         2476                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          184                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data           86                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   17832                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst           75                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         2094                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         2052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         2031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst          214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         1550                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.inst          152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data         1337                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          937                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 10708                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 83                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  70                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst           75                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data         2104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data         2064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data         2037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst          214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data         1560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.inst          152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data         1352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data          950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  10778                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst           75                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data         2104                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data         2064                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data         2037                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst          214                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data         1560                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.inst          152                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data         1352                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data          950                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          158                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 10778                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       746000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      9529500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    271857500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       443500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      2939000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    264962000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       530500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      2174500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    262724500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       621000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     27892500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    199006000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       372500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     19205000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    174672000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       124500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      2004000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    120079000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     20596500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3348500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1383828500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       522500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       588000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       326000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       392500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       392500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       404000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      2625500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       391500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       131000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       195000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       848500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1251500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1471000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       889000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1227500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      2145500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1783000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       498000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       9265500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       746000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      9529500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    273109000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       443500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      2939000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    266433000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       530500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      2174500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    263613500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       621000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     27892500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    200233500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       372500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     19205000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    176817500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       124500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      2004000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    121862000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     20596500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3846500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1393094000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       746000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      9529500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    273109000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       443500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      2939000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    266433000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       530500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      2174500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    263613500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       621000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     27892500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    200233500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       372500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     19205000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    176817500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       124500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      2004000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    121862000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     20596500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3846500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1393094000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         3431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         1113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         3529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         3452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         3423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         3510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         3376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               28273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         4790                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              4790                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           25                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              110                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           49                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           60                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               337                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data         3481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         1113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data         3591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data         3501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data         3473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data         3570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data         3426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data          116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                28610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data         3481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         1113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data         3591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data         3501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data         3473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data         3570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data         3426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data          116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               28610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.020906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.078044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.610318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.010453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.025157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.581468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.013746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.020885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.588355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.017544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.281209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.452819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.010239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.165038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.380912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.003497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.019011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.277547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.461988                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.260000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.378736                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.840000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.875000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.909091                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.647059                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.700000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.615385                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.754545                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.818182                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.760870                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.200000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.193548                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.122449                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.200000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.260000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.207715                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.020906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.078044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.604424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.010453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.025157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.574770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.013746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.020885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.581834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.017544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.281209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.449179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.010239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.165038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.378711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.003497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.019011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.277291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.461988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.258621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.376721                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.020906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.078044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.604424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.010453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.025157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.574770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.013746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.020885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.581834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.017544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.281209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.449179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.010239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.165038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.378711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.003497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.019011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.277291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.461988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.258621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.376721                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 124333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       127060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 129826.886342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 147833.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 104964.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 129123.781676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       132625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 127911.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 129357.213195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       124200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 130338.785047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 128390.967742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker 124166.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 126348.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 130644.727001                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       133600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 128152.614728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 130357.594937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 128788.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129233.143444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 24880.952381                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        49000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 23285.714286                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        39250                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 35681.818182                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 57714.285714                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31632.530120                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        43500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        16375                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 21833.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  8187.500000                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        48750                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24242.857143                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       125150                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 122583.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 148166.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       122750                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 143033.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 137153.846154                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       124500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132364.285714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 124333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       127060                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 129804.657795                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 147833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 104964.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 129085.755814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       132625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 127911.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 129412.616593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       124200                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 130338.785047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 128354.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker 124166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 126348.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 130782.174556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       124500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       133600                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 128275.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 130357.594937                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 128216.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129253.479310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 124333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       127060                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 129804.657795                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 147833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 104964.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 129085.755814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       132625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 127911.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 129412.616593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       124200                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 130338.785047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 128354.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker 124166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 126348.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 130782.174556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       124500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       133600                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 128275.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 130357.594937                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 128216.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129253.479310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 6715                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      6715                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                143                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         2093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         2046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         2031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         1540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         1331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            10565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            83                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             70                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         2103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         2058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         2037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         1550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         1346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             10635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst           58                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         2103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         2058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         2037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         1550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          119                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         1346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            10635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       680000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      6972500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    248773000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       410500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      1158000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    241759500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       486500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      1444000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    240383500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       566000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     20847500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    180762000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       339500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     14066500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    159266500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       113500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      1276500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    109772000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     18858500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3062500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1250998500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1146000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       651500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       759000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       557000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       598000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       392500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       435500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4539500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       168500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       488500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       217000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       327000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       433500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       216500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1905000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1141500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1339000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       823000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1117500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1980500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1640000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       454000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8495500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       680000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      6972500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    249914500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       410500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      1158000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    243098500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       486500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      1444000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    241206500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       566000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     20847500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    181879500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       339500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     14066500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    161247000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       113500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      1276500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    111412000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     18858500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3516500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1259494000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       680000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      6972500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    249914500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       410500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      1158000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    243098500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       486500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      1444000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    241206500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       566000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     20847500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    181879500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       339500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     14066500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    161247000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       113500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      1276500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    111412000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     18858500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3516500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1259494000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  11541063000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  11540036498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data  11540741000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data  11541251000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data  11547347000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data  11572465999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        40000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  69282944497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data   5913644500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data   5916149000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data   5915705500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data   5915961500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data   5915866000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data   5915131500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        54500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  35492512500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  17454707500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  17456185498                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data  17456446500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data  17457212500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data  17463213000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data  17487597499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        94500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 104775456997                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.020906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.060354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.610026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.010453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.008985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.579768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.013746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.014742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.588355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.017544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.224704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.449898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.010239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.129207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.379202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.013942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.277547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.461988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.260000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.373678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.840000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.909091                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.647059                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.700000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.615385                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.754545                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.818182                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760870                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.193548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.122449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.260000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.207715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.020906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.060354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.604137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.010453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.008985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.573099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.013746                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.014742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.581834                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.017544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.224704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.446300                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.010239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.129207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.377031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.013942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.277291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.461988                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.258621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.371723                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.020906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.060354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.604137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.010453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.008985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.573099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.013746                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.014742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.581834                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.017544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.224704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.446300                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.010239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.129207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.377031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.013942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.277291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.461988                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.258621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.371723                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 113333.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 120215.517241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 118859.531773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 136833.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       115800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 118162.023460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       121625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 120333.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 118357.213195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       113200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 121915.204678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 117377.922078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker 113166.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 118205.882353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 119659.278738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 116045.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 117152.614728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 119357.594937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 117788.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118409.701846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54571.428571                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54291.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54214.285714                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        55700                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 54363.636364                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 56071.428571                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54437.500000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54692.771084                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 56166.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54277.777778                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        54250                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        54500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 54187.500000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        54125                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54428.571429                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       114150                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 111583.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 137166.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       111750                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 132033.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 126153.846154                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       113500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121364.285714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 113333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 120215.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 118837.137423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 136833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       115800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 118123.663751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       121625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 120333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 118412.616593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       113200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 121915.204678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 117341.612903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker 113166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 118205.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 119797.176820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 116045.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 117275.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 119357.594937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 117216.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118429.149036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 113333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 120215.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 118837.137423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 136833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       115800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 118123.663751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       121625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 120333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 118412.616593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       113200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 121915.204678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 117341.612903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker 113166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 118205.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 119797.176820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 116045.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 117275.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 119357.594937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 117216.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118429.149036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                     105702                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples       578275                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean       3.527486                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.301912                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev     17.317952                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         575572     99.53%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271         2703      0.47%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total        578275                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples       296511                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      4.102371                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.588442                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    19.026740                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15        294833     99.43%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         1678      0.57%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total       296511                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples          6685                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     30450695.587135                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean    26964250.529490                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    20833825.114239                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         4542     67.94%     67.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1800     26.93%     94.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          322      4.82%     99.69% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            4      0.06%     99.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            1      0.01%     99.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            3      0.04%     99.81% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            2      0.03%     99.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            3      0.04%     99.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            1      0.01%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            3      0.04%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            3      0.04%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total            6685                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        30508947.503178      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                   2039857                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6685                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    18144951.383695                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean   15082387.299367                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   15375886.277916                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         5237     78.34%     78.34% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07           56      0.84%     79.18% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07         1240     18.55%     97.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          124      1.85%     99.58% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            3      0.04%     99.63% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            6      0.09%     99.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            2      0.03%     99.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            4      0.06%     99.81% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            1      0.01%     99.82% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            2      0.03%     99.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            0      0.00%     99.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            1      0.01%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            4      0.06%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            2      0.03%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            2      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total           6685                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       18192953.096698      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                1216398                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples          578275                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       11991.129307                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      11689.510219                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev       6171.607841                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-16383          575225     99.47%     99.47% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-32767          347      0.06%     99.53% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            1      0.00%     99.53% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%     99.53% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            2      0.00%     99.53% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-98303         2425      0.42%     99.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-114687           57      0.01%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-131071           53      0.01%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-147455           49      0.01%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-163839           42      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::163840-180223           48      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           19      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total            578275                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples         294833                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean      11610.330255                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11605.119524                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev       379.072141                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0-2047               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287       280973     95.30%     95.30% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335        13673      4.64%     99.94% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383           43      0.01%     99.95% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431           25      0.01%     99.96% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479           29      0.01%     99.97% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527           29      0.01%     99.98% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575           27      0.01%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623           27      0.01%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            7      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total           294833                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples              578275                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           115880.549911                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          210295.187097                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                   26      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000              200      0.03%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000             496      0.09%      0.12% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000             984      0.17%      0.30% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000            2013      0.35%      0.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000            4119      0.71%      1.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000            6230      1.08%      2.43% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000            7614      1.32%      3.75% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000            9119      1.58%      5.33% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000           11484      1.99%      7.31% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000           18893      3.27%     10.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000           25998      4.50%     15.08% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000           24966      4.32%     19.39% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000           25215      4.36%     23.75% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000           26815      4.64%     28.39% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000           34238      5.92%     34.31% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000           32082      5.55%     39.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000           31402      5.43%     45.29% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000           23828      4.12%     49.41% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000          21139      3.66%     53.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows            271414     46.94%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value         150120000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                578275                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples            296511                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         225484.086594                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        173409.187738                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  7      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000             51      0.02%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            94      0.03%      0.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000           240      0.08%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000           438      0.15%      0.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000           805      0.27%      0.55% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000          1241      0.42%      0.97% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000          1758      0.59%      1.56% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000          2100      0.71%      2.27% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          2782      0.94%      3.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000          3893      1.31%      4.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000          5098      1.72%      6.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000          5507      1.86%      8.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000          6353      2.14%     10.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000          6669      2.25%     12.49% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000          9581      3.23%     15.72% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000          5919      2.00%     17.72% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000          5863      1.98%     19.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000         23870      8.05%     27.75% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         3367      1.14%     28.88% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows          210875     71.12%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value            2000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value        11839000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total              296511                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                874786                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             76431.201460                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            32380.727000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                     56      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                469      0.05%      0.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000              1078      0.12%      0.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000              2294      0.26%      0.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000              4762      0.54%      0.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000              9063      1.04%      2.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000             14422      1.65%      3.67% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000             18020      2.06%      5.73% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000             21723      2.48%      8.22% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000             28303      3.24%     11.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000             41399      4.73%     16.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000             54914      6.28%     22.46% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000             60243      6.89%     29.35% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000             60196      6.88%     36.23% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000             63450      7.25%     43.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000             78262      8.95%     52.43% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000            133844     15.30%     67.73% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000             68457      7.83%     75.56% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000             72485      8.29%     83.84% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000            39911      4.56%     88.40% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows              101435     11.60%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value            10448000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                  874786                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6685                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.103216                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.305735                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0             5998     89.72%     89.72% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1              684     10.23%     99.96% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                3      0.04%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total         6685                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6685                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.052206                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.222460                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0            6336     94.78%     94.78% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1             349      5.22%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total         6685                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples              6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean            86.492446                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean           86.042752                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            7.564908                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-7                     2      0.03%      0.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8-15                    4      0.06%      0.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-23                   1      0.01%      0.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::24-31                   4      0.06%      0.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-39                   6      0.09%      0.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::40-47                   2      0.03%      0.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::48-55                   3      0.04%      0.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::56-63                   4      0.06%      0.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::64-71                  99      1.48%      1.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::72-79                 854     12.77%     14.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::80-87                2673     39.99%     54.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::88-95                2409     36.04%     90.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::96-103                596      8.92%     99.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::104-111                28      0.42%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::112-119                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::120-127                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::128-135                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total                6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples             6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean           44.348542                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean          43.764241                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           6.890677                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0-3                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4-7                    3      0.04%      0.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8-11                   3      0.04%      0.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12-15                  3      0.04%      0.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16-19                  4      0.06%      0.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::20-23                  6      0.09%      0.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::24-27                 31      0.46%      0.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::28-31                138      2.06%      2.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::32-35                423      6.33%      9.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::36-39                954     14.27%     23.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::40-43               1448     21.66%     45.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::44-47               1572     23.52%     68.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::48-51               1124     16.81%     85.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::52-55                618      9.24%     94.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::56-59                259      3.87%     98.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::60-63                 88      1.32%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::64-67                 10      0.15%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::68-71                  1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::72-75                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::76-79                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total               6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples       577927                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean       3.483381                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.300641                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev     16.988753                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         575328     99.55%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271         2599      0.45%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total        577927                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples       296856                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      4.109444                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.585323                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    19.100119                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15        295163     99.43%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         1693      0.57%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total       296856                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples          6685                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     30070067.314884                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean    26694800.896635                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    20332640.918606                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         4605     68.89%     68.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1770     26.48%     95.36% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          289      4.32%     99.69% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            1      0.01%     99.70% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            3      0.04%     99.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            3      0.04%     99.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            2      0.03%     99.82% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            2      0.03%     99.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            2      0.03%     99.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            4      0.06%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            2      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total            6685                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        30109356.967939      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                   2013140                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6685                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    18223904.263276                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   15062696.719062                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         5274     78.89%     78.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1380     20.64%     99.54% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08           16      0.24%     99.78% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            7      0.10%     99.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            2      0.03%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            2      0.03%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            1      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            2      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total           6685                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       18245524.894855      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                1219913                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples          577927                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       11974.215429                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      11684.559669                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev       6037.250645                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-16383          575018     99.50%     99.50% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-32767          310      0.05%     99.55% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            1      0.00%     99.55% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%     99.55% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            2      0.00%     99.55% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-98303         2346      0.41%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-114687           42      0.01%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-131071           49      0.01%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-147455           41      0.01%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-163839           46      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-180223           52      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           18      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total            577927                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples         295162                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean      11609.181060                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11604.044241                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev       376.604524                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0-2047               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287       281316     95.31%     95.31% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335        13659      4.63%     99.94% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383           56      0.02%     99.96% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431           34      0.01%     99.97% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479           19      0.01%     99.97% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527           19      0.01%     99.98% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575           20      0.01%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623           23      0.01%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671           16      0.01%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total           295162                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples              577927                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           115687.417269                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          72365.835175                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                   18      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000              173      0.03%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000             461      0.08%      0.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000             982      0.17%      0.28% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000            2077      0.36%      0.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000            4267      0.74%      1.38% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000            6523      1.13%      2.51% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000            7611      1.32%      3.83% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000            9013      1.56%      5.39% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000           11464      1.98%      7.37% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000           18625      3.22%     10.59% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000           25775      4.46%     15.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000           24882      4.31%     19.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000           25521      4.42%     23.77% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000           26670      4.61%     28.39% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000           34361      5.95%     34.33% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000           32134      5.56%     39.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000           31495      5.45%     45.34% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000           23263      4.03%     49.37% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000          21102      3.65%     53.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows            271510     46.98%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value          10480000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                577927                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples            296856                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         225688.845770                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        305454.096597                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  4      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000             41      0.01%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000           106      0.04%      0.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000           225      0.08%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000           454      0.15%      0.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000           818      0.28%      0.56% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000          1271      0.43%      0.98% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000          1601      0.54%      1.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000          2068      0.70%      2.22% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          2801      0.94%      3.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000          4092      1.38%      4.54% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000          5142      1.73%      6.27% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000          5569      1.88%      8.15% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000          6423      2.16%     10.31% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000          7024      2.37%     12.68% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000          9589      3.23%     15.91% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000          6045      2.04%     17.95% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000          5725      1.93%     19.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000         23830      8.03%     27.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         3353      1.13%     29.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows          210675     70.97%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value            4000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value       136517000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total              296856                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                874783                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             76431.609896                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            32316.501647                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                     49      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                402      0.05%      0.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000              1082      0.12%      0.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000              2322      0.27%      0.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000              4970      0.57%      1.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000              9344      1.07%      2.08% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000             14703      1.68%      3.76% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000             17989      2.06%      5.81% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000             21508      2.46%      8.27% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000             28068      3.21%     11.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000             41151      4.70%     16.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000             54530      6.23%     22.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000             59905      6.85%     29.27% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000             60834      6.95%     36.22% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000             63386      7.25%     43.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000             78452      8.97%     52.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000            134037     15.32%     67.76% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000             67939      7.77%     75.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000             72420      8.28%     83.80% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000            39882      4.56%     88.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows              101810     11.64%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value            10480000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                  874783                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6685                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.104862                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.307373                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0             5986     89.54%     89.54% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1              697     10.43%     99.97% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                2      0.03%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total         6685                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6685                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.051309                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.220644                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0            6342     94.87%     94.87% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1             343      5.13%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total         6685                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples              6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean            86.441137                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean           86.009438                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            7.572432                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-7                     1      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8-15                    6      0.09%      0.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-23                   0      0.00%      0.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::24-31                   4      0.06%      0.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-39                   5      0.07%      0.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::40-47                   3      0.04%      0.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::48-55                   3      0.04%      0.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::56-63                   4      0.06%      0.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::64-71                  86      1.29%      1.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::72-79                 898     13.43%     15.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::80-87                2663     39.84%     54.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::88-95                2360     35.30%     90.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::96-103                617      9.23%     99.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::104-111                35      0.52%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::112-119                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::120-127                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::128-135                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total                6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples             6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean           44.399402                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           6.935818                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0-3                    3      0.04%      0.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4-7                    2      0.03%      0.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8-11                   1      0.01%      0.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12-15                  1      0.01%      0.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16-19                  8      0.12%      0.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::20-23                  2      0.03%      0.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::24-27                 36      0.54%      0.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::28-31                147      2.20%      2.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::32-35                439      6.57%      9.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::36-39                910     13.61%     23.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::40-43               1439     21.53%     44.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::44-47               1519     22.72%     67.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::48-51               1176     17.59%     85.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::52-55                667      9.98%     94.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::56-59                246      3.68%     98.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::60-63                 82      1.23%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::64-67                  7      0.10%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::68-71                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::72-75                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::76-79                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total               6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples       578363                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean       3.494798                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.299147                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev     17.092465                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         575730     99.54%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271         2633      0.46%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total        578363                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples       296415                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      4.128364                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.588126                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    19.209016                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15        294705     99.42%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         1710      0.58%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total       296415                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples          6685                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     30183964.098728                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean    26815976.703113                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    20559573.060431                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         4564     68.27%     68.27% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1804     26.99%     95.26% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          297      4.44%     99.70% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            2      0.03%     99.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            6      0.09%     99.82% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            2      0.03%     99.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            2      0.03%     99.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            2      0.03%     99.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            1      0.01%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            2      0.03%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            1      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total            6685                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        30230832.969257      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                   2021262                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6685                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    18265953.627524                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean   15105508.169655                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   16285588.250252                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         5278     78.95%     78.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1383     20.69%     99.64% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08            5      0.07%     99.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            6      0.09%     99.81% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            1      0.01%     99.82% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            4      0.06%     99.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            4      0.06%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            2      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total           6685                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       18302299.445582      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                1223709                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples          578363                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       11982.811487                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      11685.970107                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev       6165.561846                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-16383          575395     99.49%     99.49% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-32767          335      0.06%     99.54% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%     99.54% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%     99.54% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%     99.54% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-98303         2349      0.41%     99.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-114687           54      0.01%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-131071           43      0.01%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-147455           65      0.01%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-163839           40      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::163840-180223           52      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            1      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           25      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total            578363                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples         294705                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean      11608.107429                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11603.020337                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev       374.329481                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0-2047               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287       281068     95.37%     95.37% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335        13451      4.56%     99.94% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383           58      0.02%     99.96% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431           26      0.01%     99.97% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479           18      0.01%     99.97% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527           25      0.01%     99.98% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575           26      0.01%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623           18      0.01%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671           15      0.01%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total           294705                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples              578363                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           115860.139739                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          209889.164760                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                   23      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000              198      0.03%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000             507      0.09%      0.13% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000             941      0.16%      0.29% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000            2112      0.37%      0.65% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000            4051      0.70%      1.35% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000            6350      1.10%      2.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000            7629      1.32%      3.77% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000            9162      1.58%      5.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000           11621      2.01%      7.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000           18758      3.24%     10.61% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000           26074      4.51%     15.12% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000           25156      4.35%     19.47% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000           25516      4.41%     23.88% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000           26580      4.60%     28.47% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000           34022      5.88%     34.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000           31779      5.49%     39.85% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000           31587      5.46%     45.31% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000           23533      4.07%     49.38% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000          21400      3.70%     53.08% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows            271364     46.92%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value         149691000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                578363                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples            296415                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         225546.315133                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        173029.319611                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  7      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000             38      0.01%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            89      0.03%      0.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000           228      0.08%      0.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000           455      0.15%      0.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000           817      0.28%      0.55% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000          1280      0.43%      0.98% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000          1782      0.60%      1.58% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000          2080      0.70%      2.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          2814      0.95%      3.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000          4046      1.36%      4.60% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000          4880      1.65%      6.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000          5583      1.88%      8.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000          6421      2.17%     10.30% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000          6892      2.33%     12.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000          9451      3.19%     15.81% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000          5888      1.99%     17.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000          5663      1.91%     19.71% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000         23841      8.04%     27.75% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         3302      1.11%     28.86% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows          210858     71.14%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value            3000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value        11387000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total              296415                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                874778                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             76430.608680                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            32588.220283                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                     58      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                403      0.05%      0.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000              1122      0.13%      0.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000              2283      0.26%      0.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000              4989      0.57%      1.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000              9133      1.04%      2.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000             14652      1.67%      3.73% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000             18160      2.08%      5.81% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000             21670      2.48%      8.28% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000             28127      3.22%     11.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000             41209      4.71%     16.21% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000             54555      6.24%     22.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000             60168      6.88%     29.33% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000             60607      6.93%     36.25% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000             63311      7.24%     43.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000             77899      8.91%     52.40% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000            133583     15.27%     67.67% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000             68262      7.80%     75.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000             72582      8.30%     83.77% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000            40518      4.63%     88.40% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows              101487     11.60%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value            10625000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                  874778                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6685                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.102169                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.303879                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0             6004     89.81%     89.81% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1              679     10.16%     99.97% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                2      0.03%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total         6685                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6685                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.047868                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.213504                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0            6365     95.21%     95.21% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1             320      4.79%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total         6685                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples              6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean            86.505460                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean           86.051609                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            7.531810                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-7                     3      0.04%      0.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8-15                    3      0.04%      0.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-23                   2      0.03%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::24-31                   3      0.04%      0.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-39                   6      0.09%      0.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::40-47                   3      0.04%      0.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::48-55                   2      0.03%      0.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::56-63                   3      0.04%      0.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::64-71                  99      1.48%      1.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::72-79                 817     12.22%     14.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::80-87                2721     40.70%     54.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::88-95                2390     35.75%     90.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::96-103                608      9.09%     99.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::104-111                25      0.37%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::112-119                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::120-127                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::128-135                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total                6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples             6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean           44.334630                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean          43.755423                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           6.849153                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0-3                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4-7                    4      0.06%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8-11                   2      0.03%      0.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12-15                  3      0.04%      0.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16-19                  6      0.09%      0.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::20-23                  3      0.04%      0.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::24-27                 26      0.39%      0.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::28-31                126      1.88%      2.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::32-35                468      7.00%      9.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::36-39                915     13.69%     23.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::40-43               1442     21.57%     44.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::44-47               1560     23.34%     68.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::48-51               1185     17.73%     85.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::52-55                611      9.14%     95.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::56-59                233      3.49%     98.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::60-63                 86      1.29%     99.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::64-67                 14      0.21%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::68-71                  1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::72-75                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::76-79                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total               6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples       578192                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean       3.522949                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.301806                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev     17.284138                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         575500     99.53%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271         2692      0.47%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total        578192                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples       296597                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      4.062007                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.584531                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    18.775079                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15        294963     99.45%     99.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         1634      0.55%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total       296597                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples          6685                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     30441540.762902                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean    26936421.930652                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    21007350.577737                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         4548     68.03%     68.03% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1787     26.73%     94.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          330      4.94%     99.70% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            1      0.01%     99.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            3      0.04%     99.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            1      0.01%     99.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            3      0.04%     99.82% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            2      0.03%     99.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            2      0.03%     99.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            3      0.04%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            3      0.04%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total            6685                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        30465334.597509      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                   2036941                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6685                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    17963365.744203                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean   14980341.123014                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   15467545.984924                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         5320     79.58%     79.58% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1336     19.99%     99.57% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08           13      0.19%     99.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            6      0.09%     99.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            5      0.07%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            1      0.01%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            1      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            2      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total           6685                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       18019174.512690      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                1204779                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples          578192                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       11990.752899                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      11689.528291                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev       6178.020716                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-16383          575152     99.47%     99.47% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-32767          348      0.06%     99.53% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            2      0.00%     99.53% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%     99.53% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            1      0.00%     99.53% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-98303         2414      0.42%     99.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-114687           54      0.01%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-131071           47      0.01%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-147455           54      0.01%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-163839           44      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::163840-180223           48      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           26      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total            578192                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples         294964                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean      11610.009018                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11604.857901                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev       377.406900                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0-2047               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287       281201     95.33%     95.33% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335        13579      4.60%     99.94% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383           51      0.02%     99.95% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431           35      0.01%     99.97% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479           22      0.01%     99.97% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527           15      0.01%     99.98% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575           21      0.01%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623           20      0.01%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671           19      0.01%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            1      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total           294964                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples              578192                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           115636.724479                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          73446.421278                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                   13      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000              169      0.03%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000             490      0.08%      0.12% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000             987      0.17%      0.29% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000            2129      0.37%      0.66% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000            4158      0.72%      1.37% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000            6441      1.11%      2.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000            7692      1.33%      3.82% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000            9263      1.60%      5.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000           11293      1.95%      7.37% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000           18785      3.25%     10.62% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000           25659      4.44%     15.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000           25038      4.33%     19.39% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000           25483      4.41%     23.80% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000           26693      4.62%     28.41% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000           34389      5.95%     34.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000           32080      5.55%     39.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000           31118      5.38%     45.29% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000           23680      4.10%     49.39% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000          20958      3.62%     53.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows            271674     46.99%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value          11842000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                578192                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples            296597                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         225415.671770                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        173887.929280                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  4      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000             37      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            83      0.03%      0.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000           232      0.08%      0.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000           437      0.15%      0.27% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000           800      0.27%      0.54% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000          1246      0.42%      0.96% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000          1677      0.57%      1.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000          2071      0.70%      2.22% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          2840      0.96%      3.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000          4029      1.36%      4.54% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000          5176      1.75%      6.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000          5576      1.88%      8.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000          6461      2.18%     10.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000          7007      2.36%     12.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000          9548      3.22%     15.92% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000          6159      2.08%     18.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000          5689      1.92%     19.92% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000         23651      7.97%     27.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         3391      1.14%     29.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows          210483     70.97%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value            3000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value        10680000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total              296597                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                874789                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             76429.808788                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            32353.163458                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                     40      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                431      0.05%      0.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000              1123      0.13%      0.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000              2353      0.27%      0.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000              4932      0.56%      1.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000              9326      1.07%      2.08% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000             14547      1.66%      3.74% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000             18144      2.07%      5.82% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000             21899      2.50%      8.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000             27943      3.19%     11.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000             40926      4.68%     16.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000             54334      6.21%     22.41% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000             59964      6.85%     29.26% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000             60863      6.96%     36.22% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000             63772      7.29%     43.51% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000             78250      8.95%     52.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000            133913     15.31%     67.76% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000             67421      7.71%     75.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000             72403      8.28%     83.74% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000            40110      4.59%     88.33% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows              102095     11.67%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value            10680000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                  874789                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6685                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.104413                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.307282                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0             5990     89.60%     89.60% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1              692     10.35%     99.96% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                3      0.04%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total         6685                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6685                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.051608                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.221251                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0            6340     94.84%     94.84% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1             345      5.16%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total         6685                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples              6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean            86.481526                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean           86.054414                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            7.490518                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-7                     1      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8-15                    5      0.07%      0.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-23                   2      0.03%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::24-31                   3      0.04%      0.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-39                   6      0.09%      0.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::40-47                   1      0.01%      0.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::48-55                   3      0.04%      0.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::56-63                   2      0.03%      0.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::64-71                  78      1.17%      1.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::72-79                 881     13.18%     14.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::80-87                2747     41.09%     55.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::88-95                2330     34.85%     90.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::96-103                581      8.69%     99.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::104-111                45      0.67%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::112-119                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::120-127                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::128-135                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total                6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples             6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean           44.360060                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean          43.756161                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           6.882774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0-3                    2      0.03%      0.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4-7                    4      0.06%      0.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8-11                   1      0.01%      0.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12-15                  2      0.03%      0.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16-19                  6      0.09%      0.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::20-23                  7      0.10%      0.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::24-27                 44      0.66%      0.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::28-31                135      2.02%      3.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::32-35                431      6.45%      9.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::36-39                901     13.48%     22.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::40-43               1418     21.21%     44.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::44-47               1584     23.69%     67.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::48-51               1158     17.32%     85.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::52-55                681     10.19%     95.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::56-59                234      3.50%     98.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::60-63                 68      1.02%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::64-67                  8      0.12%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::68-71                  1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::72-75                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::76-79                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total               6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples      2312763                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean        3.507811                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean       2.300904                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      17.176176                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         2302130     99.54%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        10633      0.46%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total        2312763                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples      1186379                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean       4.100544                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.586604                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     19.028387                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15        1179664     99.43%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         6715      0.57%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total       1186379                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples           6685                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      121146267.763650                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean     116044861.196160                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     61381343.620109                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08         5560     83.17%     83.17% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08         1102     16.48%     99.66% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            2      0.03%     99.69% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            1      0.01%     99.70% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            1      0.01%     99.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            4      0.06%     99.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            5      0.07%     99.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            1      0.01%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            2      0.03%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            1      0.01%     99.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            4      0.06%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total             6685                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         121314472.037883      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                    8111200                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples          6685                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     72598175.018699                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean    67501950.799931                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    43786647.910841                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08         6579     98.41%     98.41% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08           84      1.26%     99.67% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            3      0.04%     99.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            8      0.12%     99.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            3      0.04%     99.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            5      0.07%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            2      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total            6685                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        72759951.949825      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                 4864799                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples          2312757                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        20488.943067                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       20228.485092                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev        6167.382918                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-16383                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767      2299638     99.43%     99.43% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151         2483      0.11%     99.54% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535           13      0.00%     99.54% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            4      0.00%     99.54% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            1      0.00%     99.54% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         9612      0.42%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          234      0.01%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          186      0.01%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          197      0.01%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          202      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607           87      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759           92      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total            2312757                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples         1179664                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean       20077.552591                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20070.028319                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev        667.696689                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-4095                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-20479      1113060     94.35%     94.35% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-24575        64549      5.47%     99.83% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-28671          576      0.05%     99.87% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-32767          486      0.04%     99.92% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-36863          458      0.04%     99.95% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-40959          202      0.02%     99.97% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::40960-45055          187      0.02%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::45056-49151          144      0.01%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::49152-53247            2      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::53248-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::57344-61439            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::61440-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::65536-69631            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::69632-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::73728-77823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::77824-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total           1179664                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples              2312763                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            28909.540234                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           27931.339659                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                374595     16.20%     16.20% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            260186     11.25%     27.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000           211530      9.15%     36.59% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000           197515      8.54%     45.13% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000           194081      8.39%     53.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000           193816      8.38%     61.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000           149851      6.48%     68.38% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000           111586      4.82%     73.21% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            91981      3.98%     77.19% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            87703      3.79%     80.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            96937      4.19%     85.17% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            83848      3.63%     88.80% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            54036      2.34%     91.13% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            41661      1.80%     92.93% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            35159      1.52%     94.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            34553      1.49%     95.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            26451      1.14%     97.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            21489      0.93%     98.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            13574      0.59%     98.61% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           10674      0.46%     99.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows              21537      0.93%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value           10448000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                2312763                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples            1186379                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          56357.153153                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         48310.487516                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000               82747      6.97%      6.97% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000           67183      5.66%     12.64% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          60670      5.11%     17.75% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000          67813      5.72%     23.47% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000          61499      5.18%     28.65% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          60827      5.13%     33.78% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000          56643      4.77%     38.55% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000          51127      4.31%     42.86% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000          47296      3.99%     46.85% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          48143      4.06%     50.91% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000          51202      4.32%     55.22% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000          47953      4.04%     59.26% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000          41074      3.46%     62.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000          39314      3.31%     66.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000          36851      3.11%     69.15% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000          42655      3.60%     72.74% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000          30653      2.58%     75.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000          33435      2.82%     78.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000         132010     11.13%     89.27% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         16185      1.36%     90.64% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows           111099      9.36%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value             1000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value         10679500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total              1186379                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                3499142                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              19107.810715                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             19962.978493                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                  827800     23.66%     23.66% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000              538839     15.40%     39.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000             421195     12.04%     51.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000             367319     10.50%     61.59% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000             330746      9.45%     71.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000             278324      7.95%     79.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000             199283      5.70%     84.69% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000             138056      3.95%     88.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000             104453      2.99%     91.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000              88299      2.52%     94.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000              74624      2.13%     96.28% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000              52286      1.49%     97.77% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000              30110      0.86%     98.63% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000              18430      0.53%     99.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000              12805      0.37%     99.53% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000               8938      0.26%     99.78% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000               4747      0.14%     99.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000               1375      0.04%     99.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000                772      0.02%     99.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000               230      0.01%     99.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows                  511      0.01%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value             10448000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                  3499142                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6685                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.709349                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.790831                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0              3119     46.66%     46.66% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1              2599     38.88%     85.53% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2               774     11.58%     97.11% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3               177      2.65%     99.76% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                16      0.24%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total          6685                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6685                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean      0.353628                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.561590                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0             4600     68.81%     68.81% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1             1817     27.18%     95.99% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2              257      3.84%     99.84% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3               11      0.16%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total         6685                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples               6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean            345.921466                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean           345.194655                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev            14.261712                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-31                     1      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-63                    6      0.09%      0.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-95                    1      0.01%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::96-127                   3      0.04%      0.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-159                  6      0.09%      0.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::160-191                  2      0.03%      0.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::192-223                  3      0.04%      0.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::224-255                  2      0.03%      0.36% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::256-287                  6      0.09%      0.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::288-319                  0      0.00%      0.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::320-351               6235     93.27%     93.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::352-383                420      6.28%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::384-415                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::416-447                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::448-479                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::480-511                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::512-543                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::544-575                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::576-607                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::608-639                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                 6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples              6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean           177.442633                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean          177.097208                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            7.405693                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-15                    1      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-31                   4      0.06%      0.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-47                   1      0.01%      0.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::48-63                   2      0.03%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::64-79                   6      0.09%      0.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::80-95                   3      0.04%      0.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::96-111                  4      0.06%      0.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::112-127                 2      0.03%      0.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::128-143                 5      0.07%      0.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::144-159                 2      0.03%      0.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::160-175              1357     20.30%     20.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::176-191              5296     79.22%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::192-207                 2      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::208-223                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::224-239                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::240-255                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::256-271                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::272-287                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::288-303                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::304-319                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total                6685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     8590635                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                       141                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    3367060                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        6                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 8590776                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                3367066                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         11957695                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                            147                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     11957842                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    29694925                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                29694925                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         29694925                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     29694925                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       133691908                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   26738425                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     27907154                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             26610972                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1162682                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      1165644                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    26610972                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           43106400                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          21497833                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           109497525                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            9956836                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     11958718                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    8591018                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3367700                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              33005.615085                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              133658902.384915                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.999753                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000247                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          2459510                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 15631446     56.01%     56.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  318160      1.14%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 8      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 8591018     30.78%     87.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                3367700     12.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  27908332                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      11                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              961                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           29964272                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              961                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         31180.303850                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         59390811                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        59390811                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst     29693964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       29693964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst     29693964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        29693964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst     29693964                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       29693964                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst          961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst          961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst          961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     25531436                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     25531436                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     25531436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     25531436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     25531436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     25531436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     29694925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29694925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     29694925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     29694925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     29694925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     29694925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 26567.571280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26567.571280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 26567.571280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26567.571280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 26567.571280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26567.571280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     23562564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23562564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     23562564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23562564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     23562564                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23562564                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 24518.797086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24518.797086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 24518.797086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24518.797086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 24518.797086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24518.797086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry               151                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             4007                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          250.900504                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           12337438                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4007                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs          3078.971300                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   250.900504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.980080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.980080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.871094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         22759450                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        22759450                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      8202744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8202744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      3170155                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3170155                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           80                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           80                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           94                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           94                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data     11372899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        11372899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data     11372979                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       11372979                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         4117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          122                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          122                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           51                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           51                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           62                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           62                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           69                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           69                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data         4239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          4239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data         4290                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         4290                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    304375904                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    304375904                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4316484                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4316484                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1184996                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1184996                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1729499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1729499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       153000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       153000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    308692388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    308692388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    308692388                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    308692388                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      8206861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8206861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      3170277                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3170277                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          131                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          131                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          163                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data     11377138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     11377138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data     11377269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     11377269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000038                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.389313                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.389313                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.369048                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.369048                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.423313                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.423313                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 73931.480204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73931.480204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 35381.016393                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35381.016393                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 19112.838710                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19112.838710                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 25065.202899                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25065.202899                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 72821.983487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72821.983487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 71956.267599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71956.267599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           50                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           50                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         4117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          122                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          122                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           51                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           67                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           67                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         4239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         4290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    296069092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    296069092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4063516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4063516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1008503                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1008503                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       157499                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       157499                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1602501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1602501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       145000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       145000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    300132608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    300132608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    301141111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    301141111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  16161839506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16161839506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data   8180176004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8180176004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  24342015510                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  24342015510                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.389313                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389313                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.071429                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071429                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.411043                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.411043                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000377                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000377                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 71913.794511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71913.794511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 33307.508197                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33307.508197                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 19774.568627                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19774.568627                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 13124.916667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13124.916667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 23917.925373                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23917.925373                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 70802.691201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70802.691201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 70196.063170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70196.063170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry             13886                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     8592089                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                       143                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    3368252                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        5                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 8592232                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                3368257                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         11960341                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                            148                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     11960489                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    29700932                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                29700932                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         29700932                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     29700932                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       133706835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   26744238                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     27914076                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             26617307                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    1162991                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1166074                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    26617307                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           43117981                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          21502918                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           109522930                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            9958945                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     11961371                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    8592480                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   3368891                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              19302.843133                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              133687532.156867                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.999856                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.000144                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          2460302                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 15635735     56.01%     56.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                  318177      1.14%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 8      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 8592480     30.78%     87.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                3368891     12.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  27915291                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      12                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1113                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           29953638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         26912.522911                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         59402977                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        59402977                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst     29699819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       29699819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst     29699819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        29699819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst     29699819                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       29699819                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1113                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1113                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     22275942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22275942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     22275942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     22275942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     22275942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     22275942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     29700932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29700932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     29700932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     29700932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     29700932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     29700932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 20014.323450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20014.323450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 20014.323450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20014.323450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 20014.323450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20014.323450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     20006058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20006058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     20006058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     20006058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     20006058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     20006058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17974.894879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17974.894879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17974.894879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17974.894879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17974.894879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17974.894879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry               176                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             4165                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          251.242317                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            3618900                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           868.883553                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   251.242317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.981415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.953125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         22764800                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        22764800                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      8203978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8203978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      3171315                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3171315                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          135                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          135                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          129                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          129                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          101                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          101                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data     11375293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        11375293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data     11375428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       11375428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         4216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          136                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          136                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           53                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           53                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           83                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           83                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data         4352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          4352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data         4405                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         4405                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    298143424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    298143424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      4478993                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4478993                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1381999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1381999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2118500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      2118500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       313500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       313500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    302622417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    302622417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    302622417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    302622417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      8208194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8208194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      3171451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3171451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          188                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          188                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data     11379645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     11379645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data     11379833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     11379833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000043                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.281915                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.281915                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.345178                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.345178                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.451087                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.451087                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 70717.130930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70717.130930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 32933.772059                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32933.772059                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 20323.514706                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20323.514706                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 25524.096386                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25524.096386                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 69536.400965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69536.400965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 68699.754143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68699.754143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          320                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              320                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           50                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           50                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         4216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           53                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           78                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         4352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         4405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    289641574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    289641574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      4202007                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4202007                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1022001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1022001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       330000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       330000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1978500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1978500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       297500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       297500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    293843581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    293843581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    294865582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    294865582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  16161796512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16161796512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data   8182855012                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8182855012                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  24344651524                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  24344651524                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.281915                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281915                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.091371                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091371                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.423913                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.423913                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000382                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000382                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 68700.563093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68700.563093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 30897.110294                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30897.110294                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 19283.037736                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19283.037736                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 18333.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18333.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 25365.384615                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25365.384615                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 67519.205193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67519.205193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 66938.838138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66938.838138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry             13777                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     8590142                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                       144                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    3366531                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        5                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                 8590286                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                3366536                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                         11956673                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                            149                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                     11956822                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                    29693038                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                29693038                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                         29693038                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                     29693038                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                       133643031                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   26736365                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     27904562                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             26608652                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    1162613                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      1165238                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    26608652                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           43101388                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          21496546                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           109487686                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            9955526                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     11957548                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    8590443                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   3367105                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              78809.507080                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              133564221.492920                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.999410                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.000590                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          2459061                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 15629866     56.01%     56.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                  318171      1.14%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 8590443     30.78%     87.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                3367105     12.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  27905587                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              814                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           29927672                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs              814                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         36766.181818                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         59386890                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        59386890                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst     29692224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       29692224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst     29692224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        29692224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst     29692224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       29692224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst          814                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          814                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst          814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst          814                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          814                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     16320448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16320448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     16320448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16320448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     16320448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16320448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     29693038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29693038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     29693038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     29693038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     29693038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     29693038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 20049.690418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20049.690418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 20049.690418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20049.690418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 20049.690418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20049.690418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     14656552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14656552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     14656552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14656552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     14656552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14656552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 18005.592138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18005.592138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 18005.592138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18005.592138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 18005.592138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18005.592138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry               116                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements             4031                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          251.172460                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           12352730                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4031                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs          3064.433143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   251.172460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.981142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         22757295                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        22757295                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      8202302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8202302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      3169684                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3169684                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           64                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           64                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           75                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           75                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data     11371986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        11371986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data     11372050                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       11372050                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         4119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          113                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          113                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           23                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           23                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           30                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           30                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           40                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           40                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data         4232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total          4232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data         4255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total         4255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    296084897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    296084897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      3760497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3760497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       487498                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       487498                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       851500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       851500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        98000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        98000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    299845394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    299845394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    299845394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    299845394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data      8206421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8206421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data      3169797                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3169797                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           87                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           87                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          116                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          116                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          115                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          115                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data     11376218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     11376218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data     11376305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     11376305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000036                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.264368                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.264368                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.258621                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.258621                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.347826                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.347826                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 71882.713523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71882.713523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 33278.734513                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33278.734513                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 16249.933333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16249.933333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 21287.500000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21287.500000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 70851.936200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70851.936200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 70468.952761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70468.952761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total              270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         4119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          113                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          113                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           23                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           37                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         4232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         4255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    287763101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    287763101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      3531503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3531503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       367000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       367000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       110502                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       110502                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       783500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       783500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        92000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        92000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    291294604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    291294604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    291661604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    291661604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data  16161852512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16161852512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data   8183673007                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8183673007                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data  24345525519                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  24345525519                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.264368                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264368                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.068966                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.068966                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.321739                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321739                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 69862.369750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69862.369750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 31252.238938                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31252.238938                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 15956.521739                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15956.521739                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 13812.750000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13812.750000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 21175.675676                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21175.675676                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 68831.428166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68831.428166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 68545.617861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68545.617861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry             13794                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                     8590391                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                       141                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                    3366347                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        5                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                 8590532                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                3366352                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                         11956738                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                            146                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                     11956884                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                    29693477                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                29693477                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                         29693477                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                     29693477                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                       133591294                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   26736504                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     27904250                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             26608505                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                    1162552                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1165161                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    26608505                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           43100869                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          21496425                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           109487460                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            9955588                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                     11957654                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    8590701                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   3366953                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              149204.183637                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              133442089.816363                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.998883                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.001117                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          2458911                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 15629428     56.01%     56.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                  318218      1.14%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 8590701     30.79%     87.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                3366953     12.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  27905302                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      33                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              761                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           29909361                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              761                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         39302.708279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         59387715                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        59387715                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst     29692716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       29692716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst     29692716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        29692716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst     29692716                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       29692716                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst          761                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          761                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst          761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst          761                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          761                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     39430421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     39430421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     39430421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     39430421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     39430421                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     39430421                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     29693477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29693477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     29693477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     29693477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     29693477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     29693477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 51813.956636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51813.956636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 51813.956636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51813.956636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 51813.956636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51813.956636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          761                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          761                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     37840579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37840579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     37840579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37840579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     37840579                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37840579                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 49724.808147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49724.808147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 49724.808147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49724.808147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 49724.808147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49724.808147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry               132                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             3981                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          250.432603                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            2725765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             3981                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           684.693544                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   250.432603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.978252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.978252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.859375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         22757337                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        22757337                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      8202510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8202510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      3169515                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3169515                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           53                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           53                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          105                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          105                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data     11372025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        11372025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data     11372078                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       11372078                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         4102                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4102                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           28                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           28                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           35                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           35                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data         4210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          4210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data         4238                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         4238                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    235825887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    235825887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      4025492                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4025492                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1105000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1105000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1108000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1108000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       197000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       197000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    239851379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    239851379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    239851379                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    239851379                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data      8206612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8206612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data      3169623                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3169623                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           81                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          137                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          137                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          105                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          105                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data     11376235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     11376235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data     11376316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     11376316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000034                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.345679                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.345679                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.233577                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.233577                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 57490.464895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57490.464895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 37273.074074                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37273.074074                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 34531.250000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34531.250000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 31657.142857                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31657.142857                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 56971.823990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56971.823990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 56595.417414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56595.417414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          965                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              965                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         4102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           28                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           35                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         4210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         4238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    227535109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    227535109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3803508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3803508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       638000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       638000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       463000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       463000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1044000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1044000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       191000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       191000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    231338617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    231338617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    231976617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    231976617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data  16159256517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16159256517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data   8188139001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8188139001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data  24347395518                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  24347395518                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.345679                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345679                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.065693                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065693                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000370                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000370                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 55469.309849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55469.309849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 35217.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35217.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 22785.714286                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22785.714286                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 51444.444444                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51444.444444                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 29828.571429                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29828.571429                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54949.790261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54949.790261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54737.285748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54737.285748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry             13610                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                     8593987                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                       146                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                    3368631                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        5                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                 8594133                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                3368636                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                         11962618                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                            151                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                     11962769                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                    29707475                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         5                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                29707480                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                         29707475                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              5                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                     29707480                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                       133591296                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                   26749633                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                     27918626                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses             26621817                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                    1163106                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts      1166212                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                    26621817                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads           43124040                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes          21506432                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads           109541789                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes            9960442                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                     11963595                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                    8594343                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                   3369252                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              131372.590857                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              133459923.409143                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.999017                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.000983                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                          2460521                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                 15637787     56.01%     56.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                  318365      1.14%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 8      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                 8594343     30.78%     87.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                3369252     12.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                  27919755                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       8                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements              921                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs           29872223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs              921                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs         32434.552660                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses         59415871                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses        59415871                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst     29706554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       29706554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst     29706554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total        29706554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst     29706554                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total       29706554                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.inst          921                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          921                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.inst          921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total           921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.inst          921                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total          921                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     34599421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     34599421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     34599421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     34599421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     34599421                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     34599421                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst     29707475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29707475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst     29707475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total     29707475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst     29707475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total     29707475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 37567.232356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37567.232356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 37567.232356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37567.232356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 37567.232356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37567.232356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     32694579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32694579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     32694579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     32694579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     32694579                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     32694579                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        35499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        35499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        35499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        35499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        35499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        35499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry               162                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements             4136                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          253.516466                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs            1239069                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4136                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs           299.581480                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   253.516466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.990299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          214                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.835938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         22768911                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses        22768911                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data      8205845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8205845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu4.data      3171755                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3171755                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           67                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           67                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data     11377600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total        11377600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data     11377667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total       11377667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data         4185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           40                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           40                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           49                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           49                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           54                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           54                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data         4300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total          4300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data         4340                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total         4340                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    214715385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    214715385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      4670481                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4670481                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1298997                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1298997                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1692499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1692499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       138000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       138000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    219385866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    219385866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    219385866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    219385866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data      8210030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8210030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data      3171870                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3171870                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          107                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          107                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          148                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          148                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          138                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          138                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data     11381900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total     11381900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data     11382007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total     11382007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000036                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.373832                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.373832                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.331081                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.331081                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.391304                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.391304                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 51305.946237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51305.946237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 40612.878261                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40612.878261                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 26510.142857                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26510.142857                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 31342.574074                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31342.574074                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 51019.968837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51019.968837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 50549.738710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50549.738710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1286                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total             1286                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         4185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          115                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          115                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           40                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           51                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         4300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         4340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    206250613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    206250613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      4431519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4431519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       945003                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       945003                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       339000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       339000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1595501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1595501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       132000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       132000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    210682132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    210682132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    211627135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    211627135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data  16167529003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16167529003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data   8188734001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8188734001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data  24356263004                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  24356263004                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.373832                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.373832                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.094595                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.094595                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.369565                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.369565                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 49283.300597                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49283.300597                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 38534.947826                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38534.947826                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 23625.075000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23625.075000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 24214.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24214.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 31284.333333                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31284.333333                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 48995.844651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48995.844651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 48762.012673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48762.012673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry             13480                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                     8602674                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                       142                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                    3370999                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        5                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                 8602816                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                3371004                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                         11973673                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                            147                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                     11973820                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                    29736604                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         4                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                29736608                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                         29736604                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              4                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                     29736608                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                       133597276                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                   26774228                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                     27943464                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses             26646798                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                    1164375                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts      1166073                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                    26646798                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads           43162073                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes          21528309                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads           109641926                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes            9967331                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                     11974576                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                    8602986                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                   3371590                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              143052.600746                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              133454223.399254                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.998929                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.001071                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                          2461643                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                 15650809     56.01%     56.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                  319117      1.14%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                 8602986     30.79%     87.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                3371590     12.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                  27944504                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                      25                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements              789                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs           29852554                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs              789                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs         37835.936629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses         59473997                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses        59473997                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst     29735815                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       29735815                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst     29735815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total        29735815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst     29735815                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total       29735815                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst          789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst          789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total           789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst          789                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total          789                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     16592950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16592950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     16592950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16592950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     16592950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16592950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst     29736604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29736604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst     29736604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total     29736604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst     29736604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total     29736604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 21030.354880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21030.354880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 21030.354880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21030.354880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 21030.354880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21030.354880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     14981050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14981050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     14981050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14981050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     14981050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14981050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 18987.389100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18987.389100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 18987.389100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18987.389100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 18987.389100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18987.389100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry               126                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements             4054                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          253.965670                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs           10871085                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4054                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs          2681.570054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   253.965670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.992053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          218                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.851562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         22789375                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses        22789375                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data      8213912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8213912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data      3174167                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3174167                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           59                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           59                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           75                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           75                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data     11388079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total        11388079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data     11388138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total       11388138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data         4089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           23                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           23                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           30                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           30                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data         4198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total          4198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data         4221                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total         4221                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    162412882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    162412882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      4112993                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4112993                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       621499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       621499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       905500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       905500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    166525875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    166525875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    166525875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    166525875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data      8218001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8218001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data      3174276                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3174276                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           82                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          105                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          105                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data     11392277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total     11392277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data     11392359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total     11392359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000034                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.280488                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.280488                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.228346                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.228346                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.285714                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.285714                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 39719.462460                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39719.462460                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 37733.880734                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37733.880734                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        21431                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        21431                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 30183.333333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30183.333333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 39667.907337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39667.907337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 39451.759062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39451.759062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1660                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total             1660                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         4089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           23                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           30                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         4198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         4221                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4221                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    154138114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    154138114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      3891007                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3891007                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       439000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       439000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       171501                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       171501                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       845500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       845500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    158029121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    158029121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    158468121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    158468121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data  16199650509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16199650509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data   8187010507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8187010507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data  24386661016                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  24386661016                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.280488                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.280488                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.062992                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062992                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 37695.797016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37695.797016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 35697.311927                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35697.311927                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 19086.956522                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19086.956522                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 21437.625000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21437.625000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 28183.333333                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28183.333333                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 37643.906860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37643.906860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 37542.791045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37542.791045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry             13282                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 176                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data          176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.687500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.687500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        4356                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         3                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       3158                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    4359                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   3158                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                             7514                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              3                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                         7517                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                       21143                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                   21143                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                            21143                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                        21143                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                       133722116                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                      20622                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                        24268                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                21489                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                       1079                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         3005                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       21489                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              36731                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes             14692                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads               87537                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes              10274                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                         7980                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       4490                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      3490                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              133582732.758265                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              139383.241735                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.001042                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.998958                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                             4160                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                    16747     67.57%     67.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      51      0.21%     67.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     67.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     67.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     67.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     67.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     67.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     67.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     67.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     67.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     67.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     67.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     67.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     67.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     67.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     67.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     67.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     67.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     67.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.02%     67.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    4490     18.12%     85.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   3490     14.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                     24784                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              342                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs             128501                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              342                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs           375.733918                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            42628                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           42628                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst        20801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          20801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst        20801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total           20801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst        20801                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total          20801                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          342                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          342                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     24161498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     24161498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     24161498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     24161498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     24161498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     24161498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        21143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        21143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        21143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        21143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        21143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        21143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.016176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.016176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.016176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 70647.654971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70647.654971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 70647.654971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70647.654971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 70647.654971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70647.654971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     23475502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23475502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     23475502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23475502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     23475502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23475502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.016176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.016176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.016176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 68641.818713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68641.818713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 68641.818713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68641.818713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 68641.818713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68641.818713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                29                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              124                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          234.085499                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs               8476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            68.354839                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   234.085499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.914396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.914396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          160                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.910156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            15202                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses           15202                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         4044                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           4044                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         3008                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          3008                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           43                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           43                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data         7052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total            7052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data         7095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total           7095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           41                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           41                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            9                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           16                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           16                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          200                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          200                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      5078500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5078500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1411999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1411999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       219500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       219500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       320500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       320500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6490499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      6490499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6490499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      6490499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         4194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3049                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         3049                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           52                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           52                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          108                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          108                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          107                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          107                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data         7243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total         7243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data         7295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.035765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013447                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013447                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.173077                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.173077                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.101852                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.101852                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.149533                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.149533                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.026370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.027416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 33856.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33856.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        34439                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        34439                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 19954.545455                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19954.545455                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 20031.250000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20031.250000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 33981.670157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33981.670157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 32452.495000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32452.495000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           63                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               63                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           41                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           16                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4778500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4778500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1329001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1329001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        77000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        77000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       138500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       138500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       288500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       288500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6107501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6107501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6184501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6184501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        77500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        77500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       141500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       141500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.035765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013447                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013447                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.173077                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.173077                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.027778                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027778                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.149533                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149533                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.026370                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026370                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.027416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 31856.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31856.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 32414.658537                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32414.658537                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  8555.555556                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8555.555556                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 46166.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46166.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 18031.250000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18031.250000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 31976.445026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31976.445026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 30922.505000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30922.505000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                23                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.pim 66860943000 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -105197702.400000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       117062668.800000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -206334777.600000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       256899686.400000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -70966704.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       78970848.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -139194096.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       173305344.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -388247808.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       430658841.600000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -392352729.600000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       588519859.200000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -187834982.400000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       210119961.600000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -68550312.960000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       89116692.480000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -697982810542.079590
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       734841777192.960571
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -697982810542.079590
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       734841777192.960571
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -203838602898.239960
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       214676540380.800018
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -217437223095.359924
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       232199580481.920044
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -2252128636656.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       2370994070496.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -2240200022448.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       2355622982688.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.066861
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       935543756.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       3185786266.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       134137480.098803
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       2061437972.362448
system.cpu.int_instructions                       159735540.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       96544304.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       256.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       14764108.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       15289298.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       51566461.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       49560955.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       20214981.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       10690042.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       160500015.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       111833538.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       258749482.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       175242153.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       129043155.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       75167726.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       256.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       6979398.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       20.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       159735540.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       96544304.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       256.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       178247603.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       9.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       178247594.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       5701.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       49260313.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       19030343.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       71776143.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       891.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       24978.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       744.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       14018449
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       10627.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       393216.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       6715.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       393216.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       19617.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       83606.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       74236.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       318627.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       44832.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       40321.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       2312695.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       1179664.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       2.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       2520220.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       1259484.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       2122026.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       1061856.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       0.000000
