sim_seconds                                  0.051739                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 51739280500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4474011450000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                9625402                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 10000839                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              215134356                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2604188                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   240.50                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2314885206                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2405176887                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys6.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys6.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst     63303704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data     25446124                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        66904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        67148                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        67114                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        67225                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        67464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        67440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data        67292                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data        67629                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::total     89288044                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst     63303704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total     63303704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data      4270844                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data        98304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data        98222                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data        98348                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data        98198                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data        98412                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data        98334                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu6.data        98244                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data        98401                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      5057307                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst     15825926                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data      6962502                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        33452                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        33574                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        33557                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        33613                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        33732                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        33720                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu6.data        33646                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu7.data        33815                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::total     23057537                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data      1400969                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data        32768                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data        32741                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data        32783                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data        32734                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data        32804                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data        32778                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu6.data        32748                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data        32801                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::total      1663126                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst   1223513419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data    491814416                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1293099                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1297815                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1297158                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1299303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1303922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1303458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu6.data      1300598                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu7.data      1307111                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::total   1725730299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst   1223513419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   1223513419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data     82545485                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data      1899988                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data      1898403                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data      1900838                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data      1897939                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data      1902075                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data      1900568                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu6.data      1898828                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data      1901863                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::total     97745986                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst   1223513419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data    574359901                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3193087                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3196218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      3197996                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      3197242                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      3205997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      3204026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu6.data      3199426                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data      3208974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::total   1823476285                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytes_written::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data       524288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytes_written::total       524288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.num_writes::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data       131072                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.num_writes::total       131072                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_write::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data     10133268                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_write::total      10133268                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_total::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data     10133268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_total::total      10133268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeReqs              131072                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeBursts            131072                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWritten           528992                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys        524288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts         114534                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0         2066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1         2088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2         2056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3         2065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4         2064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5         2081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6         2054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7         2057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totGap           165019286500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::2        131072                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15             918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16             918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17             919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18             922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19             919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20             920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21             919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22             919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23             920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24             919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25             919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26             918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27             918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28             918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29             918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30             918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31             918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32             918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples         3092                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   171.084088                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   132.410216                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev    96.129372                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::32-63          453     14.65%     14.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::64-95          657     21.25%     35.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::96-127           92      2.98%     38.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-159           46      1.49%     40.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::160-191           40      1.29%     41.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::192-223           47      1.52%     43.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::224-255          234      7.57%     50.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1523     49.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total         3092                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples          918                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::0          918    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total          918                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples          918                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean    18.007625                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.007423                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.087037                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::18          911     99.24%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::19            7      0.76%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total          918                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBW                 10.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys              10.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtil                  0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilWrite             0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrQLen               24.81                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHits            13439                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate         81.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgGap             1258997.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.pageHitRate             81.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE  46697596976                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF   4546234800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT    495813218                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::0     910828.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::1     954979.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::2     919900.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::3     969494.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::0           614448                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::1           644232                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::2           620568                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::3     654024.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0   3437199.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1   3424343.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2   3432637.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3   3417292.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0 26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1 26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2 26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3 26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0 7695713767.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1 7697410032.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2 7696973695.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3 7699086380.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0  85199252016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1  85197764064                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2  85198146816                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3  85196293584                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0   119301066113.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1   119301335504.640015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2   119301231471.359985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3   119301558628.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::0     77.847455                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::1     77.847630                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::2     77.847563                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::3     77.847776                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrQLen               17.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  47193410194                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF   4546234800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::0     16548537.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::1     16589059.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::2     16572729.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::3         16628976                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::0         11163696                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::1         11191032                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::2         11180016                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::3         11217960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::0    32712076.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::1    32715571.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::2    32715571.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::3    32651174.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0   3435540.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1   3430149.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2   3428904.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3   3418536.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0 26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1 26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2 26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3 26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0 8875284243.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1 8879105669.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2 8872706001.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3 8871891056.640001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0  84164541072                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1  84161188944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2 84166802688.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3  84167517552                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0   119504823020.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1   119505358278.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2   119504543764.800018                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3   119504463109.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::0     77.980412                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::1     77.980761                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::2     77.980230                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::3     77.980177                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrQLen               17.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  47193410194                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF   4546234800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::0     21518179.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::1     21559305.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::2     21498220.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::3     21536323.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::0         14516232                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::1         14543976                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::2         14502768                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::3         14528472                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::0    32715571.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::1    32715571.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::2    32658662.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::3    32708083.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0   3429319.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1   3429734.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2   3426001.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3   3428075.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0 26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1 26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2 26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3 26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0 9177915392.640001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1 9188006800.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2 9187821080.639999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3 9192643718.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0  83899075152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1  83890223040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2  83890385952                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3 83886155568.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0   119550307700.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1   119551616280.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2   119551430539.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3   119552138093.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::0     78.010092                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::1     78.010946                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::2     78.010825                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::3     78.011286                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        50432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        50176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        50176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        50176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        39424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        36608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data        28672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         9472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data        21504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total            344320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         9472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::total        16640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::writebacks       214784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total         214784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          143                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu6.data          112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu7.data           84                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total               1345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::writebacks          839                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total               839                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        24739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       974733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        19792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       969785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        39583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       969785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       969785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst         9896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       761974                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         9896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       707548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        34635                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu6.data       554163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         4948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst       183072                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       415622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total              6654905                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        24739                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        19792                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        39583                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         9896                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         9896                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        34635                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst       183072                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::total          321613                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::writebacks        4151275                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total             4151275                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::writebacks        4151275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        24739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       974733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        19792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       969785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        39583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       969785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       969785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst         9896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       761974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         9896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       707548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        34635                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu6.data       554163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         4948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst       183072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       415622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total            10806180                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                       1345                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                       839                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                    10760                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                    6712                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM                344320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                 214784                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                 344320                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys              214784                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           27                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0             1456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1             1272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2             1352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3             1400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4             1328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5             1272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6             1280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7             1400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0              848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1              871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2              784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3              912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4              768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5              792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6              808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7              929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                  51856597000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                10760                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                6712                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                   1336                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                   1337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                   1337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                   1338                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                   1338                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                   1338                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                   1338                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                   1338                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                   271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                   272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                   272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                   272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                   272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                   272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                   273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                   281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                   291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                   291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                   291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                   291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                   290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                   290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                   290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                   284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                   272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples         2463                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   227.001218                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   200.101728                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev    69.804482                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::32-63          263     10.68%     10.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::64-95            7      0.28%     10.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::96-127            8      0.32%     11.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.08%     11.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::160-191            8      0.32%     11.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::192-223            9      0.37%     12.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::224-255          259     10.52%     22.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1907     77.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total         2463                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples          274                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean     38.832117                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    32.419056                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.083830                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8-15             5      1.82%      1.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           38     13.87%     15.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           95     34.67%     50.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           32     11.68%     62.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           27      9.85%     71.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           16      5.84%     77.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           18      6.57%     84.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           13      4.74%     89.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            4      1.46%     90.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::80-87           10      3.65%     94.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            4      1.46%     95.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            3      1.09%     96.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            1      0.36%     97.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            2      0.73%     97.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            3      1.09%     98.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            2      0.73%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::312-319            1      0.36%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total          274                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples          274                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean     24.496350                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.412678                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.152174                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::16               1      0.36%      0.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.36%      0.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::23               2      0.73%      1.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24             250     91.24%     92.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::25               1      0.36%     93.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::32              19      6.93%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total          274                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   310550836                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              492932836                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                  34432000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    28861.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               45811.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        6.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        4.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     6.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     4.15                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      8.05                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     30.79                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                    9404                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                   5605                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                87.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               83.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                  23743863.10                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   85.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE   46951321138                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF     4546234800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT      242089056                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::0           4420483.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::1           4456166.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::2                4300128                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::3           4356979.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::0                2982072                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::1                3006144                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::2                2900880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::3                2939232                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::0              16273920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::1              16565952                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::2              15872064                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::3          15848601.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0         8042250.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1         7942717.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2         7700520.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3         7750702.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0       26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1       26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2       26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3       26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0       7715553816.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1       7715088204.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2       7714102259.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3       7716413085.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0        85181848464                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1        85182256896                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2        85183121760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3        85181094720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0         119330258859.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1         119330453933.759995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2         119329135465.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3         119329541173.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::0           77.866504                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::1           77.866631                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::2           77.865771                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::3           77.866035                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        51456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        50176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        52224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        50432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        39424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        38912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data        28160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu7.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         8704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data        26112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            356608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         8704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total        16384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       212992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         212992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          201                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          204                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu6.data          110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu7.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu7.data          102                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               1393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks          832                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total               832                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        14844                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        14844                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       994525                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        19792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       969785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         4948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        64323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1009369                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         4948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       974733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         4948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst         4948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       761974                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         9896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         4948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       752078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker         4948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        39583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu6.data       544267                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         9896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu7.itb.walker         4948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst       168228                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       504684                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              6892404                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        14844                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        19792                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        64323                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         4948                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         4948                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        39583                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst       168228                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total          316665                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        4116640                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             4116640                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        4116640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        14844                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        14844                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       994525                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        19792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       969785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         4948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        64323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1009369                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         4948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       974733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         4948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst         4948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       761974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         9896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         4948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       752078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu6.dtb.walker         4948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        39583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu6.data       544267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         9896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu7.itb.walker         4948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst       168228                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       504684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            11009044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                       1393                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                       832                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    11144                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    6656                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                356608                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 212992                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                 356608                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              212992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           47                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             1312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             1384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             1360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             1496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             1368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             1376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             1336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  51719210000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                11144                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                6656                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                   1389                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   1390                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   1390                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1390                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   1390                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   1390                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   1390                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1390                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                   273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                   273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                   274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                   280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                   282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                   282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                   282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                   281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                   278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples         2526                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   225.494854                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   197.848977                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    71.092152                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-63          278     11.01%     11.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::64-95           10      0.40%     11.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::96-127           10      0.40%     11.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-159            7      0.28%     12.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::160-191           11      0.44%     12.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::192-223           12      0.48%     12.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::224-255          267     10.57%     23.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1931     76.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total         2526                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          275                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     39.709091                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    31.859679                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-7              1      0.36%      0.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-15             2      0.73%      1.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           25      9.09%     10.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          127     46.18%     56.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           24      8.73%     65.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           16      5.82%     70.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           22      8.00%     78.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           11      4.00%     82.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           15      5.45%     88.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            5      1.82%     90.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            6      2.18%     92.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            7      2.55%     94.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            3      1.09%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            2      0.73%     96.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            4      1.45%     98.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            2      0.73%     98.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            1      0.36%     99.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::232-239            1      0.36%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::272-279            1      0.36%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          275                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          275                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     24.203636                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.131754                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.289771                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16               1      0.36%      0.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18               1      0.36%      0.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.36%      1.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24             266     96.73%     97.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::32               5      1.82%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::56               1      0.36%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          275                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   320943812                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              509834612                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                  35660800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    28799.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               45749.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        6.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        4.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     6.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     4.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     31.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                    9733                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   5541                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                87.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               83.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                  23244588.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   85.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   46942735929                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     4546234800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT      250106615                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0           4648492.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1           4364841.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::2                4644864                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::3           4531161.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0                3135888                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1           2944536.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::2                3133440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::3           3056736.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0          17214412.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1          16174579.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::2          17146521.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::3          16644825.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0         8384394.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1         7826595.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2         8241315.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3         8012390.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0       26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1       26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2       26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3       26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0       7716384302.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1       7713798344.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2         7717820976                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3       7716209855.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0       85181119968.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        85183388352                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2       85179859728.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3        85181272992                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         119332025311.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         119329635102.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2         119331984698.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3         119330865814.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0           77.867656                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1           77.866097                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::2           77.867630                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::3           77.866900                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data       524288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_read::total       524288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_reads::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data       131072                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_reads::total       131072                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data     10133268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_read::total       10133268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data     10133268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_total::total      10133268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readReqs               131072                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readBursts             131072                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM         4188160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ             6144                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadSys           524288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ             192                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0        16384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1        16384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2        16384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3        16384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4        16384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5        16384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6        16320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7        16256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totGap           165019692000                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::2         131072                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0           130880                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples        19576                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   213.943604                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   200.528224                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev    55.628956                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::32-63          584      2.98%      2.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::64-95          561      2.87%      5.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::96-127          549      2.80%      8.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-159          559      2.86%     11.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::160-191          571      2.92%     14.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::192-223         2181     11.14%     25.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::224-255         7422     37.91%     63.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6945     35.48%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::288-319          204      1.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total        19576                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totQLat             941492781                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totMemAccLat       3159908781                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totBusLat           418816000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgQLat               7193.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat         24143.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBW                 80.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys              10.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtil                  0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilRead              0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrQLen               24.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHits            111304                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          85.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgGap             1259000.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.pageHitRate             85.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE  31866113476                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF   4546234800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT  15327296718                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::0     7653139.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::1          7608384                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::2     7692451.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::3     7639833.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::0     5162832.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::1          5132640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::2     5189352.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::3          5153856                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::0    32715571.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::1    32715571.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::2    32715571.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::3    32619724.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0   3425587.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1        3431808                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2   3427246.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3   3424757.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0 26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1 26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2 26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3 26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0 8283565365.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1 8280496995.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2   8283071736                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3 8281701984.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0  84683592720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1  84686284272                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2 84684025728.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3  84685227264                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0   119417253068.159988                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1   119416807524.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2   119417259937.920013                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3   119416905274.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::0     77.923270                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::1     77.922979                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::2     77.923275                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::3     77.923043                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys1.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys1.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        50944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        50944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        50688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        50176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        37888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        37376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data        29184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst        10240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data        25344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total            351488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        10240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::total        18688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::writebacks       216320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total         216320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          199                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          199                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          198                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          148                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu6.data          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu7.data           99                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total               1373                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::writebacks          845                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total               845                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        24739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       984629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        19792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       984629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        34635                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       979681                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         9896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       969785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst         4948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       732287                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       722391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        69270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu6.data       564059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst       197915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       489841                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total              6793446                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        24739                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        19792                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        34635                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         9896                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         4948                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        69270                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst       197915                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::total          361196                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::writebacks        4180963                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total             4180963                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::writebacks        4180963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        24739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       984629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        19792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       984629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        34635                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       979681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         9896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       969785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst         4948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       732287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       722391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        69270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu6.data       564059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst       197915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       489841                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total            10974409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                       1373                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                       845                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                    10984                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                    6760                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM                351488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                 216832                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                 351488                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys              216320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            9                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0             1424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1             1240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2             1304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3             1456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4             1376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5             1320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6             1352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7             1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0              864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1              800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2              832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3              888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4              784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5              816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6              840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7              952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                  51881683000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                10984                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                6760                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                   1361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                   1361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                   1362                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                   1362                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                   1362                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                   1364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                   1365                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                   1366                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                     12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                     12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                   278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                   280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                   280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                   280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                   280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                   280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                   280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                   284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                   285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                   287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                   288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                   288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                   288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                   287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                   287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                   283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                   281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples         2518                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   225.702939                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   198.218423                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev    70.839525                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::32-63          275     10.92%     10.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::64-95           10      0.40%     11.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::96-127           12      0.48%     11.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.08%     11.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::160-191           12      0.48%     12.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::192-223           11      0.44%     12.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::224-255          273     10.84%     23.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1923     76.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total         2518                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples          281                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean     39.003559                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.937238                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::0-3              1      0.36%      0.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             4      1.42%      1.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           29     10.32%     12.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          106     37.72%     49.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           37     13.17%     62.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           25      8.90%     71.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           20      7.12%     79.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           18      6.41%     85.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           12      4.27%     89.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            7      2.49%     92.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            6      2.14%     94.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.36%     94.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            3      1.07%     95.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.36%     96.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            3      1.07%     97.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.36%     97.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            2      0.71%     98.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            2      0.71%     98.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            2      0.71%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::232-235            1      0.36%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total          281                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples          281                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean     24.113879                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.061609                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.617268                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::16               3      1.07%      1.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::20               2      0.71%      1.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24             268     95.37%     97.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::32               8      2.85%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total          281                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   331395060                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              517573860                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                  35148800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    30170.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               47120.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        6.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        4.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     6.79                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     4.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      8.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     30.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                    9594                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                   5648                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               83.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                  23391200.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   85.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE   46942005232                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF     4546234800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT      251404962                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::0                4330368                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::1           4514227.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::2           4367865.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::3           4419273.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::0                2921280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::1                3045312                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::2           2946576.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::3           2981256.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::0          16062758.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::1          16634342.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::2          16063257.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::3          16084723.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0         7886315.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1         8155054.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2         7763973.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3              7796736                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0       26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1       26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2       26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3       26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0       7713822147.840001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1       7715313596.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2       7716507860.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3       7717504858.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0        85183367472                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1        85182059184                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2        85181011584                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3        85180137024                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0         119329528195.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1         119330859569.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2         119329798969.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3         119330061724.799988                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::0           77.866027                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::1           77.866896                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::2           77.866204                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::3           77.866375                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys3.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys3.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrQLen               26.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE  47193410194                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF   4546234800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::0     11583734.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::1     11613974.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::2     11616393.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::3     11588572.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::0          7814424                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::1          7834824                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::2          7836456                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::3          7817688                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::0    32713574.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::1    32715571.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::2    32715571.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::3    32615731.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0   3430978.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1   3429319.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2   3430563.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3   3416463.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0 26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1 26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2 26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3 26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0 8569010877.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1 8572789621.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2 8568849398.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3 8569478185.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0  84433201920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1  84429887232                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2 84433343568.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3  84432792000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0   119458893361.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1   119459408396.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2   119458929804.480011                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3   119458846494.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::0     77.950442                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::1     77.950778                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::2     77.950465                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::3     77.950411                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys5.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys5.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst     99734280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     45413916                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       332576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       333012                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       331764                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data       332705                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data       332350                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data       332635                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data       331970                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data       332480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    147807688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst     99734280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total     99734280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data      6387386                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data        65538                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data        65564                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data        65524                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data        65575                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data        65502                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data        65530                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu6.data        65558                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data        65504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      6911681                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst     24933570                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     12063297                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       133519                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       133724                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       133120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       133566                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data       133424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data       133556                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu6.data       133206                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu7.data       133488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::total     38064470                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data      2017296                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data        32769                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data        32782                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data        32762                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data        32788                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data        32751                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data        32765                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu6.data        32779                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data        32752                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::total      2279444                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   1927631754                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data    877745410                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      6427921                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      6436348                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      6412227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      6430414                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      6423553                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      6429061                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu6.data      6416208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu7.data      6426065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::total   2856778961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   1927631754                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   1927631754                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data    123453321                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data      1266697                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data      1267200                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data      1266427                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data      1267412                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data      1266001                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data      1266543                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu6.data      1267084                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data      1266040                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::total    133586724                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   1927631754                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data   1001198731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      7694618                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      7703547                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      7678653                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      7697826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      7689554                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      7695604                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu6.data      7683292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data      7692105                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::total   2990365686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys7.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst    126308780                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data     50801560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       134564                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       134390                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       135026                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data       135005                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data       134996                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data       134642                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data       135532                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data       134991                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    178189486                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst    126308780                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    126308780                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data      8519278                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data       196608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data       196698                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data       196572                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data       196729                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data       196500                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data       196578                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu6.data       196668                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data       196518                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::total     10092149                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst     31577195                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data     13899512                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        67282                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        67195                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        67513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        67503                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        67498                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        67321                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu6.data        67766                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu7.data        67496                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::total     46016281                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data      2794921                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data        65536                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data        65566                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data        65524                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data        65577                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data        65500                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data        65526                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu6.data        65556                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data        65507                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::total      3319213                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst   2441255054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data    981876043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2600809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2597446                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      2609739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2609333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      2609159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      2602317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu6.data      2619518                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu7.data      2609062                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::total   3443988480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst   2441255054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2441255054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data    164657837                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data      3799976                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data      3801715                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data      3799280                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data      3802314                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data      3797888                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data      3799396                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu6.data      3801135                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data      3798236                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::total    195057776                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst   2441255054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data   1146533880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      6400785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      6399161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      6409018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      6411647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      6407047                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      6401713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu6.data      6420654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data      6407298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3639046256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        50176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        49920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        49408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        49664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        36352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        35840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data        28160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         7936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data        21248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total            336128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         7936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::total        15360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::writebacks       217856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total         217856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          195                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          193                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          140                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu6.data          110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu7.data           83                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total               1313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::writebacks          851                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total               851                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        24739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       969785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        14844                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       964838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        44531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       954942                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         9896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       959890                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       702600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         4948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       692704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        44531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu6.data       544267                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst       153384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       410674                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total              6496573                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        24739                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        14844                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        44531                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         9896                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         4948                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        44531                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst       153384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::total          296873                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::writebacks        4210650                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total             4210650                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::writebacks        4210650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        24739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       969785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        14844                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       964838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        44531                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       954942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         9896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       959890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       702600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         4948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       692704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        44531                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu6.data       544267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst       153384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       410674                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total            10707223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                       1313                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                       851                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                    10504                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                    6808                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM                336128                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                 217600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                 336128                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys              217856                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           15                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0             1408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1             1240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2             1288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3             1432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4             1304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5             1200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6             1312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7             1320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0              856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1              816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2              808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3              928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4              833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5              824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6              823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7              912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                  51858434000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                10504                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                6808                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                   1307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                   1308                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                   1308                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                   1308                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                   1308                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                   1309                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                   1309                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                   1309                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                   278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                   278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                   278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                   278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                   278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                   284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                   293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                   292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                   292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                   292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                   292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                   292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                   292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                   286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples         2459                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   225.184221                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   197.639986                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev    71.138525                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::32-63          267     10.86%     10.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::64-95           15      0.61%     11.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::96-127           12      0.49%     11.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.16%     12.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::160-191           12      0.49%     12.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::192-223           18      0.73%     13.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::224-255          261     10.61%     23.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1870     76.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total         2459                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples          277                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean     37.776173                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    31.996577                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    25.469940                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             4      1.44%      1.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           39     14.08%     15.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           97     35.02%     50.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           40     14.44%     64.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           24      8.66%     73.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           14      5.05%     78.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           14      5.05%     83.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           18      6.50%     90.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            7      2.53%     92.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            4      1.44%     94.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            4      1.44%     95.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            3      1.08%     96.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            4      1.44%     98.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            3      1.08%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            1      0.36%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::192-195            1      0.36%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total          277                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples          277                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean     24.548736                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.462182                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.243018                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::16               1      0.36%      0.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24             257     92.78%     93.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::32              18      6.50%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::40               1      0.36%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total          277                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   310319792                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              488362592                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                  33612800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    29543.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               46493.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        6.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        4.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     6.50                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     4.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     31.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                    9174                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                   5671                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                87.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               83.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                  23964156.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   85.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE   46941707161                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF     4546234800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT      251703033                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::0           4346697.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::1           4458585.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::2           4232995.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::3           4323715.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::0           2932296.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::1           3007776.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::2                2855592                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::3                2916792                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::0          16118169.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::1          16362278.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::2              15500160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::3          15573043.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0         7889633.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1         8062156.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2         7601402.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3         7743651.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0       26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1       26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2       26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3       26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0       7713972627.840001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1       7716457736.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2       7714590307.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3       7716175819.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0        85183235472                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1        85181055552                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2       85182693648.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3       85181302848.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0         119329632749.759995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1         119330541938.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2         119328611958.720016                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3         119329173722.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::0           77.866095                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::1           77.866688                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::2           77.865429                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::3           77.865796                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data      1048576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_read::total      1048576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_reads::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data       262144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_reads::total       262144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     20266536                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_read::total       20266536                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     20266536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_total::total      20266536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readReqs               262144                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readBursts             262144                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM         8381984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ             6624                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadSys          1048576                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ             207                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0        32768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1        32768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2        32768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3        32768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4        32712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5        32704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6        32745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7        32704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totGap           221795039000                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::2         262144                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0           261937                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples        39229                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   213.668052                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   200.395568                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev    55.484580                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1126      2.87%      2.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::64-95         1168      2.98%      5.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::96-127         1113      2.84%      8.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-159         1086      2.77%     11.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::160-191         1233      3.14%     14.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::192-223         4439     11.32%     25.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::224-255        14914     38.02%     63.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-287        13755     35.06%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::288-319          395      1.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total        39229                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totQLat            1898554472                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totMemAccLat       6338386622                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totBusLat           838198400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgQLat               7248.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat         24198.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBW                162.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys              20.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtil                  1.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilRead              1.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                0.67                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrQLen               26.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHits            222708                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          85.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgGap              846080.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.pageHitRate             85.02                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16433920180                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF   4546234800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT  30759490014                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::0     6841497.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::1          6888672                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::2     6837868.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::3     6878995.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::0          4615296                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::1          4647120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::2          4612848                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::3          4640592                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::0    32715571.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::1    32715571.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::2    32655667.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::3    32672140.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0   3433466.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1   3428904.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2   3423928.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3   3424343.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0 26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1 26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2 26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3 26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0 8226380885.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1 8230190929.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2 8225194008.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3 8227012792.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0  84733754544                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1  84730412400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2  84734795664                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3  84733200240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0   119408879114.879990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1   119409421451.519989                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2   119408657838.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3   119408966956.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::0     77.917806                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::1     77.918160                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::2     77.917661                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::3     77.917863                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        50432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        49920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        51200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        49920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        37120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        34816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data        27136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu7.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst        10752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data        22272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total            340736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        10752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::total        17408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::writebacks       211968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total         211968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          195                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          195                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          145                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          136                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu6.data          106                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu7.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu7.data           87                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total               1331                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::writebacks          828                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total               828                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        24739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       974733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         4948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       964838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        59375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       989577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         4948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       964838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       717443                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         9896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       672912                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        29687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu6.data       524476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu7.itb.walker         4948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst       207811                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       430466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              6585635                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        24739                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4948                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        59375                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         9896                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        29687                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst       207811                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::total          336456                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::writebacks        4096849                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total             4096849                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::writebacks        4096849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        24739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       974733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         4948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       964838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        59375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       989577                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         4948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       964838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       717443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         9896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       672912                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        29687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu6.data       524476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu7.itb.walker         4948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst       207811                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       430466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            10682483                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                       1331                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                       828                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    10648                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                    6624                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                340736                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                 211712                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                 340736                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys              211968                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           16                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             1312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             1352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             1344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             1232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             1448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             1176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             1392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             1392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0              847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1              824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2              800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3              800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4              857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5              776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6              872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7              840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  51868478000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                10648                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                6624                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                   1323                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1325                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1326                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   1329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   1329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   1329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                   269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                   269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                   269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                   269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                   269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                   271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                   272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                   274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                   282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                   285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                   284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                   283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                   282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                   282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                   282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                   282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                   274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                   270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples         2460                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   224.572358                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   196.586617                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    71.787207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::32-63          272     11.06%     11.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::64-95           18      0.73%     11.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::96-127            9      0.37%     12.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-159            8      0.33%     12.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::160-191           10      0.41%     12.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::192-223           16      0.65%     13.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::224-255          265     10.77%     24.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1862     75.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total         2460                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples          273                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     38.505495                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.980971                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-3              1      0.37%      0.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             4      1.47%      1.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           25      9.16%     10.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          110     40.29%     51.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           36     13.19%     64.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           29     10.62%     75.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           14      5.13%     80.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           12      4.40%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           13      4.76%     89.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            8      2.93%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            6      2.20%     94.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.37%     94.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            4      1.47%     96.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.37%     96.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            1      0.37%     97.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            2      0.73%     97.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            3      1.10%     98.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            1      0.37%     99.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::208-211            1      0.37%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::216-219            1      0.37%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total          273                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples          273                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     24.234432                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.171456                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.881602                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16               1      0.37%      0.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18               2      0.73%      1.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::22               2      0.73%      1.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.37%      2.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24             256     93.77%     95.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::25               1      0.37%     96.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::32               9      3.30%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::40               1      0.37%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total          273                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   320492964                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              500976564                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                  34073600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    30098.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               47048.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        6.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        4.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     6.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     4.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     31.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                    9296                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                   5508                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                87.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               83.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                  24024306.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   85.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   46948628130                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     4546234800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT      244782064                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0           4389033.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1           4229971.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::2           4335206.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::3           4530556.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0           2960856.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1                2853552                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::2                2924544                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::3                3056328                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0          16267929.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1          15561062.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::2          15806668.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::3          16642828.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0         8012390.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1         7650754.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2         7773926.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3         7965941.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0       26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1       26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2       26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3       26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0       7713097545.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1       7711615016.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2       7715216085.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3       7717025073.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0       85184003088.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        85185303552                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2        85182144720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3       85180557888.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         119329868696.640015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         119328351762.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2         119329339004.159988                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3         119330916470.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0           77.866249                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1           77.865259                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::2           77.865904                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::3           77.866933                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        49920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        50176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        50176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        50432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        37632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        35584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data        27648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         8448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data        22016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total            341504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         8448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::total        16640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::writebacks       212480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total         212480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          195                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu6.data          108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu7.data           86                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total               1334                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::writebacks          830                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total               830                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        39583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       964838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         9896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       969785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        59375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       969785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         9896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         4948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       974733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       727339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       687756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        44531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu6.data       534372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         9896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst       163280                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       425518                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total              6600478                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        39583                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         9896                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        59375                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         4948                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        44531                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst       163280                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::total          321613                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::writebacks        4106744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total             4106744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::writebacks        4106744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        39583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       964838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         9896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       969785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        59375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       969785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         9896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         4948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       974733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       727339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       687756                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        44531                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu6.data       534372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         9896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst       163280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       425518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total            10707223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                       1334                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                       830                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                    10672                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                    6640                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM                341504                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                 212736                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                 341504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys              212480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           48                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0             1328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1             1240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2             1304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3             1416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4             1336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5             1312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6             1296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7             1440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0              800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1              800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2              792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3              856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4              856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5              825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6              831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7              888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                  51724280000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                10672                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                6640                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                   1325                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                   1326                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                   1326                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                   1327                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                   1328                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                   1328                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                   1328                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                   1328                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                   273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                   273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                   273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                   273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                   274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                   274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                   274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                   280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                   280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                   280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                   280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                   274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples         2452                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   226.035889                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   198.320686                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev    70.906277                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::32-63          271     11.05%     11.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::64-95           13      0.53%     11.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::96-127            3      0.12%     11.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::160-191            6      0.24%     11.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::192-223           10      0.41%     12.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::224-255          268     10.93%     23.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1881     76.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total         2452                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples          276                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean     38.550725                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    33.223200                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.446761                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             1      0.36%      0.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           24      8.70%      9.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          107     38.77%     47.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           42     15.22%     63.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           26      9.42%     72.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           23      8.33%     80.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           18      6.52%     87.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           12      4.35%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            6      2.17%     93.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            5      1.81%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            3      1.09%     96.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            2      0.72%     97.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.36%     97.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.36%     98.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            2      0.72%     98.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            1      0.36%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::232-235            1      0.36%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::248-251            1      0.36%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total          276                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples          276                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean     24.086957                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.053745                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.298829                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::16               1      0.36%      0.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.36%      0.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      0.36%      1.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.36%      1.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24             266     96.38%     97.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::28               1      0.36%     98.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::32               5      1.81%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total          276                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   324744024                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              505634424                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                  34150400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    30429.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               47379.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        6.60                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        4.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     6.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     4.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     30.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                    9324                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                   5544                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate               83.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                  23902162.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   85.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE   46951288586                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF     4546234800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT      241410958                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::0                4309200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::1           4500316.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::2           4189449.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::3           4513622.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::0                2907000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::1                3035928                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::2           2826216.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::3                3044904                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::0          15711321.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::1          16525017.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::2              15390336                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::3          16485081.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0         7892951.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1         8075427.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2         7604720.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3         8052203.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0       26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1       26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2       26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3       26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0       7714230359.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1       7716579269.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2       7712627993.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3         7717554216                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0        85183009392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1        85180948944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2        85184414976                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3       85180093728.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0         119329198077.120010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1         119330802757.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2         119328191544.959991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3         119330881608.960022                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::0           77.865812                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::1           77.866859                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::2           77.865155                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::3           77.866910                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrQLen               32.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE  47193410194                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF   4546234800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::0          8467200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::1     8358940.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::2          8449056                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::3          8409744                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::0          5712000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::1          5638968                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::2          5699760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::3          5673240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::0    32715571.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::1    32656665.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::2    32712076.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::3    32651673.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0   3426831.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1        3431808                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2   3422684.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3   3426001.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0 26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1 26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2 26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3 26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0 8342338201.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1 8337430146.240001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2 8341604297.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3 8339300804.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0  84632037600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1  84636342912                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2  84632681376                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3  84634701984                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0   119425835257.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1   119424997294.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2   119425707103.679993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3   119425301301.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::0     77.928870                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::1     77.928323                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::2     77.928787                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::3     77.928522                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys0.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys0.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst       332800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data       101566                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::total       434367                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst       332800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total       332800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data        28115                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data            6                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::total        28122                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst        83200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data        29713                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::total       112914                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data         9190                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data            3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::total         9194                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst      6432250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data      1963035                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data           19                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::total      8395304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst      6432250                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total      6432250                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data       543398                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data          116                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data           19                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::total       543533                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst      6432250                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data      2506432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data          135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           19                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::total      8938837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        50176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        49920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        50432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        49664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        38656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        36608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data        27392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         8192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data        23552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            342784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         8192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        15872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       211968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         211968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          195                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          143                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu6.data          107                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu7.data           92                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               1339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks          828                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total               828                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        14844                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       969785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         4948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       964838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        84114                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       974733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         4948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       959890                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst         4948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       747131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        14844                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       707548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        24739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu6.data       529424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         4948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst       158332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       455205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              6625218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        14844                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4948                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        84114                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         4948                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        14844                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        24739                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst       158332                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total          306769                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks        4096849                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             4096849                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks        4096849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        14844                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       969785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         4948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       964838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        84114                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       974733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         4948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       959890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst         4948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       747131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        14844                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       707548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        24739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu6.data       529424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         4948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst       158332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       455205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            10722066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                       1339                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                       828                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    10712                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    6624                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                342784                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 211968                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                 342784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              211968                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            5                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             1368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             1288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             1328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             1296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             1408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             1288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             1296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             1440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  51854216000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                10712                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                6624                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                   1332                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1332                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1332                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   1333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1334                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   1335                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   1336                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                   272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                   272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                   273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                   274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                   274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                   274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                   278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                   273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         2448                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   226.614379                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   199.545310                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    70.132538                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::32-63          261     10.66%     10.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::64-95           15      0.61%     11.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::96-127            4      0.16%     11.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.08%     11.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::160-191            4      0.16%     11.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::192-223           15      0.61%     12.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::224-255          261     10.66%     22.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1886     77.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         2448                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          274                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     38.802920                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    24.692642                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-3              1      0.36%      0.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             3      1.09%      1.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           21      7.66%      9.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          108     39.42%     48.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           37     13.50%     62.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           23      8.39%     70.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           22      8.03%     78.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           15      5.47%     83.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           19      6.93%     90.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            5      1.82%     92.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            6      2.19%     94.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            3      1.09%     95.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            4      1.46%     97.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            2      0.73%     98.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.36%     98.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            2      0.73%     99.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            1      0.36%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::176-179            1      0.36%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          274                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          274                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     24.175182                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.110576                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.876782                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16               2      0.73%      0.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18               1      0.36%      1.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19               1      0.36%      1.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.36%      1.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.36%      2.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24             259     94.53%     96.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::32               8      2.92%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::40               1      0.36%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          274                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   315690704                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              497259104                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                  34278400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    29470.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               46420.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        6.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        4.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     6.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     4.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     31.24                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                    9360                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   5528                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               83.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  23929033.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   85.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   46957241156                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     4546234800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT      236169038                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0           4398710.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1           4259001.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::2           4427740.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::3           4525718.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0                2967384                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1           2873136.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::2                2986968                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::3                3053064                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0          16294387.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1              15804672                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::2          16174579.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::3          16557964.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0         8022343.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1         7704253.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2         7979212.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3              7962624                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0       26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1       26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2       26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3       26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0       7713081840.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1       7710610357.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2       7715809797.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3       7717060039.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        85184016864                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        85186184832                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2        85181623920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3        85180527216                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         119329919383.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         119328574105.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2         119330140071.359985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3         119330824480.319992                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0           77.866282                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1           77.865404                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::2           77.866426                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::3           77.866873                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        50432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        50176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        49920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        49664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        40704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        34304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data        29440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         7424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data        22016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            344320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         7424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total        16384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks       211968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         211968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          195                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          159                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu6.data          115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu7.data           86                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total               1345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks          828                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total               828                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        29687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       974733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         9896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       969785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         9896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        64323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       964838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         4948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         9896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       959890                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       786714                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         4948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       663017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        54427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu6.data       569007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         9896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst       143489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       425518                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              6654905                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        29687                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         9896                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        64323                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         9896                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         4948                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        54427                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst       143489                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total          316665                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks        4096849                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             4096849                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks        4096849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        29687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       974733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         9896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       969785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         9896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        64323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       964838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         4948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         9896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       959890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       786714                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         4948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       663017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        54427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu6.data       569007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         9896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst       143489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       425518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            10751754                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                       1345                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                       828                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    10760                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                    6624                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                344320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                 212224                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                 344320                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys              211968                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           10                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             1472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             1368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             1264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             1272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             1376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             1224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             1296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             1488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0              864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1              801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2              824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3              768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4              872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5              776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6              831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7              896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  51851102000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                10760                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                6624                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                   1340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   1340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1341                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   1342                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   1342                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                   270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                   270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                   270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                   270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                   270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                   270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                   271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                   272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                   278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                   283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                   283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                   283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                   282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                   282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                   282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                   282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                   273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples         2464                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   225.870130                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   198.614810                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    70.614237                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::32-63          265     10.75%     10.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::64-95           12      0.49%     11.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::96-127           11      0.45%     11.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-159            5      0.20%     11.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::160-191           10      0.41%     12.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::192-223           14      0.57%     12.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::224-255          260     10.55%     23.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1887     76.58%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total         2464                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples          274                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     39.270073                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    30.053311                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-3              1      0.36%      0.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             3      1.09%      1.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           26      9.49%     10.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          108     39.42%     50.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           47     17.15%     67.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           24      8.76%     76.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            9      3.28%     79.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           11      4.01%     83.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           14      5.11%     88.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            5      1.82%     90.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            7      2.55%     93.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            2      0.73%     93.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            2      0.73%     94.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            3      1.09%     95.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            4      1.46%     97.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.36%     97.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            2      0.73%     98.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            1      0.36%     98.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            1      0.36%     98.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            1      0.36%     99.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::208-211            1      0.36%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::224-227            1      0.36%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total          274                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples          274                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     24.204380                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.156109                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.595041                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16               2      0.73%      0.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.36%      1.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24             261     95.26%     96.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::25               1      0.36%     96.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::32               9      3.28%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total          274                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   317484800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              499866800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                  34432000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    29506.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               46456.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        6.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        4.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     6.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     4.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      8.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     30.26                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                    9400                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                   5528                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                87.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               83.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                  23861528.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   85.87                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   46955307117                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     4546234800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT      238103077                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0           4438627.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1           4192473.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::2           4286217.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::3           4384195.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0                2994312                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1           2828256.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::2           2891496.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::3                2957592                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0              16513536                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1          15451238.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::2          15599500.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::3              15971904                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0         8026076.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1         7607623.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2         7710474.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3         7829913.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0       26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1       26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2       26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3       26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0       7714146473.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1       7713478615.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2       7715215154.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3       7715563447.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        85183082976                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        85183668816                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2        85182145536                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3        85181840016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         119330339854.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         119328364876.799988                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2         119328986232.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3         119329684921.919983                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0           77.866557                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1           77.865268                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::2           77.865673                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::3           77.866129                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys2.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys2.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys4.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys4.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst     49715976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data     22663520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       166142                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       165890                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       165844                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data       165858                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data       166036                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data       166107                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data       165908                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data       165994                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::total     73707275                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst     49715976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total     49715976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      3182835                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data        32770                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data        32740                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data        32780                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data        32730                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data        32806                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data        32781                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu6.data        32750                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data        32800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      3444992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst     12428994                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      6018808                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        66688                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        66575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        66532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        66564                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        66617                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        66664                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu6.data        66581                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu7.data        66597                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::total     18980620                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      1004945                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data        16385                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data        16370                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data        16390                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data        16365                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data        16403                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data        16391                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu6.data        16375                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data        16400                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::total      1136024                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst    960894228                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data    438033150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      3211139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3206268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      3205379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      3205650                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      3209090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      3210462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu6.data      3206616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu7.data      3208278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::total   1424590259                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst    960894228                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total    960894228                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data     61516801                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       633368                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       632788                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       633561                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       632595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data       634064                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data       633581                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu6.data       632981                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data       633948                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::total     66583686                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst    960894228                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data    499549950                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3844506                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3839056                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      3838940                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      3838244                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      3843154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      3844043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu6.data      3839597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data      3842226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::total   1491173945                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytes_written::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data      1048576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytes_written::total      1048576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.num_writes::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data       262144                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.num_writes::total       262144                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_write::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data     20266536                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_write::total      20266536                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_total::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data     20266536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_total::total      20266536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeReqs              262144                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeBursts            262144                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWritten          1057408                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys       1048576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts         229073                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0         4115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1         4158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2         4114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3         4145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4         4120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5         4148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6         4109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7         4135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totGap            34469070000                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::2        262144                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15            1836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16            1838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17            1838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18            1838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19            1840                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20            1837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21            1838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22            1836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23            1836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24            1837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25            1836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26            1836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27            1835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28            1835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29            1835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30            1835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31            1835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32            1835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples         6158                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   171.712894                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   133.371207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev    95.698056                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::32-63          884     14.36%     14.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::64-95         1280     20.79%     35.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::96-127          208      3.38%     38.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::128-159           95      1.54%     40.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::160-191           86      1.40%     41.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::192-223          111      1.80%     43.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::224-255          453      7.36%     50.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-287         3040     49.37%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::288-319            1      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total         6158                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1835                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::0         1835    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total         1835                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1835                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean    18.007629                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.007399                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.093091                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::18         1822     99.29%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::19           12      0.65%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::20            1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total         1835                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBW                 20.44                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys              20.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtil                  0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilWrite             0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrQLen               16.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHits            26886                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate         81.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgGap              131489.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.pageHitRate             81.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE  46191227517                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF   4546234800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT   1002182677                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::0     922924.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::1     923529.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::2           910224                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::3           967680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::0           622608                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::1           623016                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::2           614040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::3           652800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0   3430978.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1   3425172.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2   3428904.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3   3418951.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0 26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1 26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2 26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3 26401137853.439999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0 7696739548.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1 7696597003.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2 7695154638.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3 7698230121.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0 85198352208.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1 85198477248.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2  85199742480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3 85197044688.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0   119301206121.600021                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1   119301183822.720016                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2   119300988141.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3   119301452094.720016                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::0     77.847546                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::1     77.847531                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::2     77.847404                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::3     77.847707                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             2419960                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            2419960                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1179764                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp           1179764                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              6681                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              394                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            294                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             177                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                87                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               81                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          494                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave      7206668                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      7207162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                7207162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          988                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave     13218651                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     13219639                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                13219639                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1209980000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   2585686000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   1179764000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    589882000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    110236500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       197000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       147499                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        88500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        43500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      1336500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq       116539                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp       165260                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq        38440                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp        62740                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback          598                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            5                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            5                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            8                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            6                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     28945657                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     49814991                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     10525912                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     20465500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback       686588                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         2000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        41500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        11000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        51500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                        155955                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                       228011                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                   3588785                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                       154393                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime              39181581                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                  3588785                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                      227387                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime             69758000                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime            40171157                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime           70373491                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                              517                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             18148                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   18148    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               18148                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              165500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                 247                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy          2499944000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded             3606416                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy         3176993000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded            3599982                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq            2419797                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp           2419797                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq           1179680                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp          1179680                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback             6681                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             146                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            31                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            177                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq               81                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp              81                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          838                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          887                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port          891                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          980                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       331836                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       663902                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       265710                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       533040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total      1801558                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          933                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          889                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          885                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          924                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          919                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port          954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          895                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       331192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       665488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       266364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       531214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total      1801507                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          987                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          869                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port          810                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          871                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          847                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       332364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       666212                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       265338                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       530538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total      1801558                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          878                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          923                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port          954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          889                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       332402                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       663900                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       265120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       532940                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total      1801528                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total               7206151                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port       142080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port       134656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port       135168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port       131072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port       140544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port       139776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port       132608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port       149504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       397011                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       795935                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       332278                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       663266                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total      3293898                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port       142848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port       139264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port       139008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port       144640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port       140544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port       150016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port       143616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port       132352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave            2                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       396748                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       796719                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       331025                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       661452                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total      3318234                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port       150272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port       136960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port       135168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port       152320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port       137984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port       128000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port       136192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port       133376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       398384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       797571                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       330621                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       661694                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total      3298543                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port       134400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port       143872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port       143360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port       128256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port       134912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port       150016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port       141568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port       143872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       397793                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       793562                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       330755                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       665605                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total      3307976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total               13218651                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   2614959153                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   5869512348                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   2435208980                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   1629906500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     62799000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       204400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        43000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       248223                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       111400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       794023                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq       111265                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp         1141                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq        32001                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp          373                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            6                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            5                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     38900099                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      4629280                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     11161800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      1705000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback         2400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq         8000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                       143278                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                        1514                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                  3588785                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                      143261                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime             50032899                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                 3588785                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                       1259                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime             6000000                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime           50072699                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime           6334280                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy            9836000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded               2272                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy            9663600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded               2172                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy            9668600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded               2175                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy            9679400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded               2183                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy            9734400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded               2212                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy            9877000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded               2227                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy            9858200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded               2179                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy            9807400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded               2211                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy               9800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded                  5                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy         845288886                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded            663897                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy        1693137774                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded           1329751                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy         831742695                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded            531266                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy        1665022178                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded           1063866                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy        1874008937                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             3.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded            899954                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy        1877171952                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             3.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded            899903                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy        1874831770                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             3.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded            899954                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy        1874448435                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             3.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded            899924                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq      2419797                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp      2419797                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq      1179680                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp      1179680                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback         6681                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          146                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           31                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          177                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq           81                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp           81                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave      1801558                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave      1801507                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave      1801558                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave      1801528                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total      7206151                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave      3293898                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave      3318234                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave      3298543                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave      3307976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total     13218651                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1935837600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   2210962500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   1061712000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    943744000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     26724000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       116800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        24800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       141600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        64800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       324000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp        38973                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp        15016                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     23775226                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      9355220                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         3800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp         2000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                 53994                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess            3588785                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess           3588785                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                53543                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime      32831846                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime     33136246                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy    756101900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded       901604                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy    756058900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded       901604                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy    756142200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded       901604                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy    756177000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded       901604                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy   3155172100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded      3599735                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2443511                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2443509                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           1179764                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          1179764                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback             4558                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             449                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           314                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            763                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           13                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp           13                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              566                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             566                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       903284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          446                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       903739                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       903041                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       904149                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       904533                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       904678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1766                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       905027                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          446                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       906310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               7251423                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       189952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1895066                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          892                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       184320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1921168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       174848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1931752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       189184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1927440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          940                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       184832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2016294                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       187136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2059291                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          900                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       226048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2163358                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          892                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       324864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2309942                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         1028                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               17892863                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1221802404                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   3410802150                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   1179767493                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    589898955                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    148135997                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       225498                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       157499                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       127496                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq         6500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       290485                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     12430934                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        90646                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp          629                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq        30131                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback          373                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           70                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           32                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            8                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq          122                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           29                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    199429482                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      7194829                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     52260998                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback     16036940                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      1379498                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       628500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       116999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq        36500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      2394996                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       253981                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                       121590                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                         666                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                  3588785                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                      116622                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime            186989500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                 3588785                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime          272166914                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime           7565809                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                            2369                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            40143                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47                 40143    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              40143                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2550409376                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded            3629175                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          24142395                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded               742                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         477949863                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded            451699                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy            227990                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded               223                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy          23421427                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded               720                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy         481736360                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded            451927                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy            224994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded               222                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy         22234868                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded              683                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy        480158843                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization            0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded           451526                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.occupancy           224495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded              222                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.occupancy         24037416                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded              739                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy        482577345                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization            0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded           452129                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.occupancy           238992                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded              235                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.occupancy         23499858                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded              722                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.occupancy        482321334                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.utilization            0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded           452151                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.occupancy           224990                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded              220                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.occupancy         23786381                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded              731                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy        482302843                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization            0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded           452134                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.occupancy             2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                2                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.occupancy           226996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded              225                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.occupancy         28717438                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.utilization            0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded              883                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.occupancy        484751329                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.utilization            0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded           452146                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.occupancy             7499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                7                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.occupancy           225495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded              223                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy         41265939                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded             1269                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy        489153357                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded           452574                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.occupancy             6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                6                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy           260493                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded              257                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_access                 83200                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_access                 38903                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numCycles              1632864931                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedInsts              83197                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedOps                83204                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses        67005                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_func_calls                  3                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        10261                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_insts               67005                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_reads       118870                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_writes        47553                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_cc_register_reads       338751                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_cc_register_writes        53469                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_mem_refs                38903                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_load_insts              29713                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_store_insts              9190                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_idle_cycles      1630094087.280796                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_busy_cycles      2770843.719204                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.not_idle_fraction        0.001697                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.idle_fraction            0.998303                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.Branches                    16203                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntAlu            44301     53.24%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemRead           29713     35.71%     88.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemWrite           9190     11.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::total             83204                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         5173                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         5173    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         5173                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         5173                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         5173    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         5173                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         5173                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         5173    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         5173                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         5173                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         5173    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         5173                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::samples         5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::0            5173    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::total         5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::0           5173    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::total         5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq       112914                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp       112913                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq         9194                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp         9194                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port        77806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::total        77806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port       166399                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::total       166399                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count::total        244215                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port       129681                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::total       129681                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port       332796                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::total       332796                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size::total         462485                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     56457000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    120260000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      9194000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      6435600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        45921                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp        76179                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            5                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq      4594000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     37385600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         2000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedReq                45926                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedResp               76180                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                5                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqFail                   1                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               5                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime      4596000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime     37385800                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy     65651000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded       122108                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy     41655200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded        38903                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy     85036400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded        83199                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy         4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            5                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         5173                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         5173    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         5173                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         5173                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         5173    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         5173                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         5173                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         5173    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         5173                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         5173                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         5173    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         5173                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::samples         5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::0            5173    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::total         5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::0           5173    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::total         5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         5173                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         5173    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         5173                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         5173                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         5173    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         5173                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         5173                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         5173    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         5173                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         5173                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         5173    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         5173                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::samples         5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::0            5173    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::total         5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::0           5173    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::total         5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         5173                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         5173    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         5173                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         5173                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         5173    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         5173                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         5173                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         5173    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         5173                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         5173                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         5173    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         5173                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::samples         5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::0            5173    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::total         5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::0           5173    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::total         5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_access              12428994                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_access               7154825                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            131072                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numCycles                34375967                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedInsts           12141597                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedOps             12141613                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     10895867                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_func_calls                  7                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       981639                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_insts            10895867                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_reads     20094531                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_writes      8909283                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_cc_register_reads     54874476                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_cc_register_writes      6160698                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_mem_refs              7154825                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_load_insts            6149880                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_store_insts           1004945                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_idle_cycles      22956142.188073                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_busy_cycles      11419824.811927                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.not_idle_fraction        0.332204                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.idle_fraction            0.667796                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.Branches                  1245751                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntAlu          4986788     41.07%     41.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     41.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     41.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     41.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     41.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     41.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     41.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     41.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     41.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     41.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     41.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     41.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     41.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     41.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     41.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     41.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     41.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemRead         6149880     50.65%     91.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        1004945      8.28%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::total          12141613                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       131072                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       131072    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       131072                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         5173                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 10135086.023584                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 14389186.680522                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-2.09715e+06         3455     66.79%     66.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-4.1943e+06            0      0.00%     66.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-6.29146e+06            1      0.02%     66.81% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-8.38861e+06            1      0.02%     66.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%     66.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     66.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.46801e+07            0      0.00%     66.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     66.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.88744e+07            2      0.04%     66.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     66.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.30687e+07            0      0.00%     66.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.30687e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     66.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.7263e+07            3      0.06%     66.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.7263e+07-2.93601e+07           49      0.95%     67.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.14573e+07         1485     28.71%     96.58% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.14573e+07-3.35544e+07          177      3.42%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.56516e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.56516e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-3.98459e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.98459e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         5173                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 10133268.088256      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalReadBytes            524288                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         5173                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         5173    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         5173                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       131072                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 31681.419373                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 28155.179165                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 22759.430579                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-8191          192      0.15%      0.15% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::8192-16383            0      0.00%      0.15% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-24575       111304     84.92%     85.06% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%     85.06% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-40959         8953      6.83%     91.90% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::40960-49151         1335      1.02%     92.91% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-57343          392      0.30%     93.21% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::57344-65535          167      0.13%     93.34% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-73727          549      0.42%     93.76% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::73728-81919          333      0.25%     94.01% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-90111          431      0.33%     94.34% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::90112-98303          506      0.39%     94.73% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-106495          594      0.45%     95.18% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::106496-114687          904      0.69%     95.87% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-122879          996      0.76%     96.63% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::122880-131071         3844      2.93%     99.56% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-139263          572      0.44%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       131072                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       131072                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   1259000.335693                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  408354497.382237                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000           68      0.05%      0.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000           12      0.01%      0.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0      0.00%      0.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0      0.00%      0.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000        50131     38.25%     38.31% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000         9650      7.36%     45.67% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        71211     54.33%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        73500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value 147840249000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::total        131072                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        131072                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     1259000.335693                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    408354497.382237                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000           68      0.05%      0.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           12      0.01%      0.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0      0.00%      0.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0      0.00%      0.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000        50131     38.25%     38.31% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000         9650      7.36%     45.67% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        71211     54.33%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        73500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value 147840249000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::total          131072                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         5173                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.084477                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.278129                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         4736     91.55%     91.55% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1          437      8.45%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         5173                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         5173                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         5173    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         5173                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::samples         5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::mean    25.337522                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    35.973057                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::0-7          3455     66.79%     66.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::8-15            1      0.02%     66.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::16-23            1      0.02%     66.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::24-31            0      0.00%     66.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::32-39            0      0.00%     66.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::40-47            2      0.04%     66.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::48-55            0      0.00%     66.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::56-63            0      0.00%     66.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::64-71            9      0.17%     67.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::72-79         1657     32.03%     99.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::80-87           48      0.93%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::88-95            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::96-103            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::104-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::112-119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::120-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::128-135            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::136-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::144-151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::152-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::total         5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::0           5173    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::total         5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     19111692                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     19111693                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      1136024                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      1136024                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.Smon-slave       262144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port     14047506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::total     14309650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port     24857989                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::total     24857989                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port      1327794                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::total      1327794                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count::total      40495433                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.Smon-slave       524288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port     25846355                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::total     26370643                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port     49715980                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::total     49715980                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port      1589936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::total      1589936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size::total       77676559                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   9555846000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  20213665900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   1136024000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    739580200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq      6434331                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     13387759                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       192648                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       256463                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    804822000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   5235855700                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     27898000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     51308100                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedReq              6626979                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedResp            13644222                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           663897                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqFail              200995                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     81885500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          663897                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespFail              15870                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime      3277000                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime    832720000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime   5287163800                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy     65536000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       131072                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  10626334000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         20.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     20116644                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy   7538193000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         14.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded      7154825                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  12708014200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         24.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     12428995                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    707038900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       663897                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_access              24933570                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_access              14342737                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            262144                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numCycles               443590093                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedInsts           24354817                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedOps             24354840                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     21849026                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_func_calls                 10                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1972169                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_insts            21849026                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_reads     40289310                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_writes     17859560                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    110040840                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     12365835                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_mem_refs             14342737                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_load_insts           12325441                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_store_insts           2017296                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_idle_cycles      148019511.823556                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_busy_cycles      295570581.176444                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.not_idle_fraction        0.666315                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.idle_fraction            0.333685                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.Branches                  2505823                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         10012103     41.11%     41.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     41.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     41.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     41.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     41.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     41.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     41.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     41.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     41.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     41.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     41.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     41.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     41.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     41.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     41.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     41.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     41.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemRead        12325441     50.61%     91.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        2017296      8.28%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::total          24354840                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       262144                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       262144    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       262144                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         5173                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 20270172.047168                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 14393373.106892                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-2.09715e+06         1726     33.37%     33.37% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-4.1943e+06            2      0.04%     33.40% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-6.29146e+06            4      0.08%     33.48% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     33.48% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.04858e+07            3      0.06%     33.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     33.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.46801e+07            0      0.00%     33.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     33.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.88744e+07            1      0.02%     33.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     33.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.30687e+07            0      0.00%     33.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.30687e+07-2.51658e+07            2      0.04%     33.60% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.7263e+07            3      0.06%     33.66% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.7263e+07-2.93601e+07          123      2.38%     36.03% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.14573e+07         3039     58.75%     94.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.14573e+07-3.35544e+07          270      5.22%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.56516e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.56516e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-3.98459e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.98459e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         5173                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 20266536.176513      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalReadBytes           1048576                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         5173                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         5173    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         5173                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       262144                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 31754.327774                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 28217.814997                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 22828.359800                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-8191          207      0.08%      0.08% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::8192-16383            0      0.00%      0.08% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-24575       222708     84.96%     85.04% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%     85.04% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-40959        17554      6.70%     91.73% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::40960-49151         2840      1.08%     92.82% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-57343          781      0.30%     93.11% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::57344-65535          337      0.13%     93.24% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-73727         1199      0.46%     93.70% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::73728-81919          747      0.28%     93.98% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-90111          868      0.33%     94.31% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::90112-98303          968      0.37%     94.68% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-106495         1169      0.45%     95.13% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::106496-114687         1929      0.74%     95.87% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-122879         1997      0.76%     96.63% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::122880-131071         7744      2.95%     99.58% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-139263         1096      0.42%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       262144                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       262143                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   131481.235433                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  64331.184593                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            6      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000        96409     36.78%     36.78% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000        18182      6.94%     43.72% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows       147545     56.28%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        73500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value     10178500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::total        262143                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        262144                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     846080.928802                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    365875048.660833                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            6      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000        96409     36.78%     36.78% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000        18182      6.94%     43.72% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows       147546     56.28%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        73500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value 187328153500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::total          262144                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         5173                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.161608                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.368127                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         4337     83.84%     83.84% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1          836     16.16%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         5173                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         5173                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         5173    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         5173                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::samples         5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::mean    50.675430                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    35.983411                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::0-7          1726     33.37%     33.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::8-15            6      0.12%     33.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::16-23            2      0.04%     33.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::24-31            1      0.02%     33.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::32-39            0      0.00%     33.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::40-47            1      0.02%     33.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::48-55            0      0.00%     33.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::56-63            3      0.06%     33.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::64-71            6      0.12%     33.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::72-79         3361     64.97%     98.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::80-87           67      1.30%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::88-95            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::96-103            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::104-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::112-119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::120-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::128-135            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::136-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::144-151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::152-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::total         5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::0           5173    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::total         5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     38326614                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     38326614                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      2279444                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      2279444                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.Smon-slave       524288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port     28161186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::total     28685474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port     49867140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::total     49867140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port      2659502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::total      2659502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count::total      81212116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.Smon-slave      1048576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port     51801302                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::total     52849878                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port     99734280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::total     99734280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port      3183787                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::total      3183787                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size::total      155767945                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  19163307000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  40537799100                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   2279444000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   1484432800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     12908399                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     26842431                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       384838                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       512678                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1612912500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  10505673800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     55791500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    102567600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedReq             13293237                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedResp            27355109                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqSuccess          1329751                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqFail              399575                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime    162422500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespSuccess         1329751                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespFail              28749                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime      5918300                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   1668704000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  10608241400                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    131072000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       262144                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  21311679000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         41.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     40343914                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  15111981300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         29.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     14342737                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  25493207400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         49.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     24933570                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy   1417043200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded      1329751                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_access              15825926                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_access               8494543                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            131072                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numCycles               103478561                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedInsts           15690779                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedOps             15690802                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     13681390                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_func_calls                 10                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1404251                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_insts            13681390                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_reads     24832828                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_writes     10745097                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_cc_register_reads     67959909                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_cc_register_writes      8730758                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_mem_refs              8494543                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_load_insts            6962502                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_store_insts           1532041                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_idle_cycles      68923448.998668                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_busy_cycles      34555112.001332                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.not_idle_fraction        0.333935                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.idle_fraction            0.666065                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.Branches                  2009421                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntAlu          7196259     45.86%     45.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     45.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     45.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     45.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     45.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     45.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     45.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     45.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     45.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     45.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     45.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     45.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     45.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     45.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     45.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     45.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     45.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     45.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     45.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     45.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     45.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     45.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     45.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     45.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     45.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     45.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     45.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemRead         6962502     44.37%     90.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        1532041      9.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::total          15690802                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples       131072                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4       131072    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total       131072                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         5173                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         5173    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         5173                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         5173                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 10135008.699014                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 14390143.020463                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-2.09715e+06         3455     66.79%     66.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-4.1943e+06            0      0.00%     66.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-6.29146e+06            2      0.04%     66.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     66.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%     66.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     66.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.46801e+07            0      0.00%     66.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     66.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.88744e+07            0      0.00%     66.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-2.09715e+07            2      0.04%     66.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.30687e+07            0      0.00%     66.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.30687e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     66.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.7263e+07            3      0.06%     66.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.7263e+07-2.93601e+07           71      1.37%     68.30% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.14573e+07         1441     27.86%     96.15% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+07-3.35544e+07          198      3.83%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.56516e+07            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.56516e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-3.98459e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.98459e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         5173                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 10133268.088256      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalWrittenBytes         524288                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples       131072                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607       131072    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total       131072                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples       131072                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 1258997.241974                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 408352762.640914                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000         6968      5.32%      5.32% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000        48306     36.85%     42.17% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     42.17% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     42.17% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000        16358     12.48%     54.65% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000         3162      2.41%     57.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     57.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     57.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows        56278     42.94%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        65000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value 147839619000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total       131072                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        131072                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     1258997.241974                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    408352762.640914                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000         6968      5.32%      5.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000        48306     36.85%     42.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0      0.00%     42.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0      0.00%     42.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000        16358     12.48%     54.65% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000         3162      2.41%     57.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0      0.00%     57.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0      0.00%     57.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        56278     42.94%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        65000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value 147839619000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::total          131072                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         5173                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         5173    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         5173                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         5173                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.011792                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.107959                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         5112     98.82%     98.82% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1           61      1.18%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         5173                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::samples         5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::0            5173    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::total         5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::mean    25.337522                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev    35.975358                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::0-7         3455     66.79%     66.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::8-15            2      0.04%     66.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::16-23            0      0.00%     66.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::24-31            0      0.00%     66.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::32-39            0      0.00%     66.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::40-47            0      0.00%     66.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::48-55            2      0.04%     66.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::56-63            0      0.00%     66.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::64-71           10      0.19%     67.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::72-79         1643     31.76%     98.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::80-87           61      1.18%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::88-95            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::96-103            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::104-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::112-119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::120-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::128-135            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::136-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::144-151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::152-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::total         5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     23057537                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     23057537                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      1794198                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      1794198                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.Smon-slave       262144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port     16726942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::total     16989086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port     31651852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::total     31651852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port      1062532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::total      1062532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count::total      49703470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.Smon-slave       524288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port     29716968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::total     30241256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port     63303704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::total     63303704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port      1324679                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::total      1324679                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size::total       94869639                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  11528768500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  24505388700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   1794198000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   1192367400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq      8837787                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     15761450                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       194787                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       128234                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1049687000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   6720280000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     65008500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     25672800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedReq              9032574                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedResp            15889684                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           531266                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqFail              222567                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     89606500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          531266                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespFail               3924                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       859300                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   1114695500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime   6745952800                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    131072000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       131072                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  13191894500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         25.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     24720663                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy   9020604200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         17.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded      8494543                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  16194560600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         31.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     15825926                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    482591300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       531266                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_access              31577195                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_access              16956577                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            262144                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numCycles              2792966603                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedInsts           31315048                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedOps             31315071                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     27308854                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_func_calls                 10                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      2799779                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_insts            27308854                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_reads     49568747                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_writes     21452009                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    135643746                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     17417509                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_mem_refs             16956577                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_load_insts           13899512                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_store_insts           3057065                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_idle_cycles      931853877.070924                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_busy_cycles      1861112725.929076                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.not_idle_fraction        0.666357                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.idle_fraction            0.333643                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.Branches                  4006226                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         14358494     45.85%     45.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     45.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     45.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     45.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     45.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     45.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     45.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     45.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     45.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     45.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     45.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     45.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     45.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     45.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     45.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     45.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     45.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     45.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     45.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     45.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     45.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     45.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     45.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     45.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     45.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     45.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     45.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemRead        13899512     44.39%     90.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        3057065      9.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::total          31315071                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples       262144                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4       262144    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total       262144                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         5173                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         5173    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         5173                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         5173                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 20270172.047168                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 14394310.175169                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-2.09715e+06         1726     33.37%     33.37% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-4.1943e+06            3      0.06%     33.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-6.29146e+06            3      0.06%     33.48% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     33.48% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.04858e+07            3      0.06%     33.54% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     33.54% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.46801e+07            0      0.00%     33.54% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     33.54% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.88744e+07            1      0.02%     33.56% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     33.56% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.30687e+07            0      0.00%     33.56% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.30687e+07-2.51658e+07            2      0.04%     33.60% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.7263e+07            3      0.06%     33.66% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.7263e+07-2.93601e+07          148      2.86%     36.52% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.14573e+07         2969     57.39%     93.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+07-3.35544e+07          315      6.09%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.56516e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.56516e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-3.98459e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.98459e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         5173                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 20266536.176513      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalWrittenBytes        1048576                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples       262144                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607       262144    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total       262144                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples       262143                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 131489.568671                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 91591.793602                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000        13314      5.08%      5.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000        92387     35.24%     40.32% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     40.32% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     40.32% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000        34601     13.20%     53.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000         6030      2.30%     55.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     55.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     55.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows       115811     44.18%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        65000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value     10015000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total       262143                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        262143                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     131489.568671                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    91591.793602                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        13314      5.08%      5.08% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000        92387     35.24%     40.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0      0.00%     40.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0      0.00%     40.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000        34601     13.20%     53.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000         6030      2.30%     55.82% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0      0.00%     55.82% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0      0.00%     55.82% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows       115811     44.18%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        65000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value     10015000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::total          262143                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         5173                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         5173    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         5173                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         5173                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.019524                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.138373                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         5072     98.05%     98.05% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1          101      1.95%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         5173                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::samples         5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::0            5173    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::total         5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::mean    50.675430                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev    35.985775                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::0-7         1726     33.37%     33.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::8-15            6      0.12%     33.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::16-23            2      0.04%     33.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::24-31            1      0.02%     33.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::32-39            0      0.00%     33.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::40-47            1      0.02%     33.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::48-55            0      0.00%     33.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::56-63            3      0.06%     33.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::64-71            5      0.10%     33.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::72-79         3363     65.01%     98.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::80-87           66      1.28%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::88-95            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::96-103            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::104-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::112-119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::120-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::128-135            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::136-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::144-151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::152-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::total         5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     46016281                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     46016281                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      3581357                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      3581357                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys7.Smon-slave       524288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port     33388866                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::total     33913154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port     63154390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::total     63154390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.s2p.master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port      2127732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.s2p.master::total      2127732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count::total      99195276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys7.Smon-slave      1048576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port     59320838                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::total     60369414                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port    126308780                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::total    126308780                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.s2p.master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port      2652017                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.s2p.master::total      2652017                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size::total      189330211                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  23008140500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  48906405700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   3581357000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   2379768300                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     17640843                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     31451387                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       388827                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       256502                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   2096427500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  13404712000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    130271000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     51345400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedReq             18029670                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedResp            31707889                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqSuccess          1063866                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqFail              444897                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime    179693500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespSuccess         1063866                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespFail               7451                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime      1615700                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   2226698500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  13456057400                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    262144000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       262144                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  26327353500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         50.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     49335494                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  18006523600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         34.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     16956577                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  32312938800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         62.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     31577195                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    966711600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded      1063866                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                     11033                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8173.596044                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       27858                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     11033                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.524971                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3949.079916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     3.361764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst    52.922345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   655.537458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     1.960014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst    11.908813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   635.715744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     1.005461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst    32.298138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   641.843319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     3.517008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst    26.838776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   572.791818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.957630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst    11.437018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   422.976979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.667626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst     9.996586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   413.059199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.396776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst    51.461810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   248.505963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     8.795597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.itb.walker     0.006510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst   207.549963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   209.003812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.482065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.006460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.080022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.001454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.077602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.003943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.078350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.003276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.069921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.000117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.001396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.051633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.001220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.050422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.000048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.006282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.030335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.001074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.itb.walker     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.025336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.025513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.997753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8064                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          278                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          639                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5000                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.003296                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    313781                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   313781                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst          681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         1330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst          687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         1468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst          534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         1436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst          707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         1454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst          683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data         1773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst          695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         1909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker          222                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst          810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data         2199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         2512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   21668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             4558                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  4558                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   55                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   301                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst           681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data          1363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst           687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data          1498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst           534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data          1474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst           707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data          1485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst           683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data          1805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst           695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data          1941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker          222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst           810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data          2242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data          2574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    21969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          219                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst          681                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data         1363                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          219                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst          687                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data         1498                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          219                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst          534                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data         1474                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          229                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst          707                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data         1485                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          219                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst          683                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data         1805                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          223                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst          695                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data         1941                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker          222                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst          810                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data         2242                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          249                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          978                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data         2574                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   21969                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         1571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         1559                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst          149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         1592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         1557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data         1197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data         1124                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data          862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          708                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 10914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           58                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                146                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               31                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           20                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  81                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data         1579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data         1568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst          149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data         1600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data         1563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data         1203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data         1133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu6.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data          882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          723                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  10995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data         1579                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data         1568                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst          149                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data         1600                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data         1563                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data         1203                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data         1133                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu6.inst           73                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data          882                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          291                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          723                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 10995                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       497000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      7711500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    203375499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       387500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      3997500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    202400499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       403000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     19337000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    206104000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       753500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      3610000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    202561500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       187000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      4575000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    157046000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       260500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      4395500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    145593499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       124500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst      9263000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    112752500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       995000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.itb.walker       249000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     38005000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     91380499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1415965496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       463500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       457000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       457000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       326500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       326500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       131500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       130500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       719000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      3011500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       130500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       390500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       847500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1466500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1130500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1336500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       864000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1057500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1197000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      2567500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1927500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      11547000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       497000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      7711500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    204841999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       387500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      3997500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    203530999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       403000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     19337000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    207440500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       753500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      3610000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    203425500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       187000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      4575000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    158103500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       260500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      4395500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    146790499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       124500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst      9263000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    115320000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       995000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.itb.walker       249000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     38005000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     93307999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1427512496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       497000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      7711500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    204841999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       387500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      3997500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    203530999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       403000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     19337000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    207440500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       753500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      3610000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    203425500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       187000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      4575000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    158103500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       260500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      4395500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    146790499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       124500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst      9263000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    115320000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       995000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.itb.walker       249000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     38005000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     93307999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1427512496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         2901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         3027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         3028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         3011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         2970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          225                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         3033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker          223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data         3061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst         1269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               32582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         4558                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              4558                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           78                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              201                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             51                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           41                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           41                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               382                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data         2942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data         3066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data         3074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data         3048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data         3008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data         3074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker          223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data         3124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                32964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data         2942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data         3066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data         3074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data         3048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data         3008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data         3074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker          223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data         3124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst         1269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               32964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.017937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.082210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.541537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.013514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.045833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.515031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.013514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.218155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.525760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.025532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.043302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.517104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.004545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.054017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.403030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.008889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.049248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.370590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.004484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.082673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.281607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.031128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.itb.walker     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.229314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.219876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.334970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.714286                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.700000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.705882                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.611111                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.571429                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.743590                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.726368                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.571429                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.631579                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.607843                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.195122                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.230769                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.173913                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.162162                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.157895                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.219512                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.317460                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.194805                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.212042                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.017937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.082210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.536710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.013514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.045833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.511416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.013514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.218155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.520494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.025532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.043302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.512795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.004545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.054017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.399934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.008889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.049248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.368575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.004484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.082673                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.282330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.031128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.itb.walker     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.229314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.219290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.333546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.017937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.082210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.536710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.013514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.045833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.511416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.013514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.218155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.520494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.025532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.043302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.512795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.004545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.054017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.399934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.008889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.049248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.368575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.004484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.082673                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.282330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.031128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.itb.walker     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.229314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.219290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.333546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       124250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 126418.032787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 129456.078294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 129166.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 121136.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 129827.132136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 134333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 129778.523490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 129462.311558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 125583.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 112812.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 130097.302505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       187000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 117307.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 131199.665831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       130250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 122097.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 129531.582740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 126890.410959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 130803.364269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       124375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.itb.walker       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 130601.374570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 129068.501412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129738.454829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 28968.750000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 30466.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 32642.857143                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 27208.333333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 27208.333333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 11954.545455                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 16312.500000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 12396.551724                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20626.712329                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 21833.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 21666.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 21666.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        65500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        32625                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        16375                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 32541.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27338.709677                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 183312.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 125611.111111                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 167062.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       144000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       176250                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       133000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       128375                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       128500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 142555.555556                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       124250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 126418.032787                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 129728.941735                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 129166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 121136.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 129802.933036                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 134333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 129778.523490                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 129650.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 125583.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 112812.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 130150.671785                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       187000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 117307.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 131424.355777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       130250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 122097.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 129559.134157                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       124500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 126890.410959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 130748.299320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       124375                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.itb.walker       124500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 130601.374570                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 129056.706777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129832.878217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       124250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 126418.032787                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 129728.941735                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 129166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 121136.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 129802.933036                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 134333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 129778.523490                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 129650.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 125583.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 112812.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 130150.671785                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       187000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 117307.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 131424.355777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       130250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 122097.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 129559.134157                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       124500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 126890.410959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 130748.299320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       124375                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.itb.walker       124500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 130601.374570                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 129056.706777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129832.878217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 6681                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      6681                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst           58                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                222                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         1571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         1557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         1194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         1124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            10692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           58                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           146                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           20                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             81                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         1579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         1563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         1200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         1133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst           69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             10773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst           91                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         1579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         1563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         1200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         1133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst           69                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          719                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            10773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       453000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      4869000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    185981999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       354500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      2584000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    185251499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       370000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     11045500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    186316000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       687500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       858500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    185434500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       176000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst       575500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    143604000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       238500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      1154500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    133229499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       113500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst      8195000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    103270500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       907000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.itb.walker       227000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     33445500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     83164499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1272506996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       888500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       814000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       760500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       652499                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       654500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       598000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       448500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3163499                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7979998                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       163000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       162500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       163000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        54500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       216500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       217000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        54000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       649000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1679500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1378500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1031500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1248500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       798000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       991500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1098000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      2347500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1762500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10656000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       453000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      4869000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    187360499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       354500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      2584000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    186282999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       370000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     11045500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    187564500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       687500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       858500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    186232500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       176000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst       575500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    144595500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       238500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      1154500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    134327499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       113500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst      8195000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    105618000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       907000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.itb.walker       227000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     33445500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     84926999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1283162996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       453000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      4869000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    187360499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       354500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      2584000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    186282999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       370000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     11045500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    187564500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       687500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       858500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    186232500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       176000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst       575500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    144595500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       238500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      1154500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    134327499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       113500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst      8195000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    105618000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       907000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.itb.walker       227000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     33445500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     84926999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1283162996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data   9061032000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data   9063121500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data   9053711000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data   9069353999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data   9071086500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data   9070731999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data   9069757999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data   9076984999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  72535779996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data   4437257500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data   4438357999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data   4437527000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data   4438785999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data   4438450500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data   4438913499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data   4438021997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data   4438234999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  35505549493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  13498289500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  13501479499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data  13491238000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data  13508139998                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data  13509537000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data  13509645498                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data  13507779996                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data  13515219998                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 108041329489                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.017937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.053908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.541193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.013514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.029167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.515031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.013514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.133236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.518824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.025532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.009472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.517104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.004545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.006925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.402020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.008889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.013680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.370590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.004484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.078143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.281607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.031128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.itb.walker     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.219070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.218634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.328157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.700000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.705882                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.611111                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.571429                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.743590                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.726368                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.571429                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.631579                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.607843                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.195122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.230769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.173913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.162162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.157895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.219512                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.317460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.194805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.212042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.017937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.053908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.536370                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.013514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.029167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.511416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.013514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.133236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.513663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.025532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.009472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.512795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.004545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.006925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.398936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.008889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.013680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.368575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.004484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.078143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.282330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.031128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.itb.walker     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.219070                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.218077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.326811                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.017937                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.053908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.536370                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.013514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.029167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.511416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.013514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.133236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.513663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.025532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.009472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.512795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.004545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.006925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.398936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.008889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.013680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.368575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.004484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.078143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.282330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.031128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.itb.walker     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.219070                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.218077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.326811                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       113250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       121725                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 118459.871975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 118166.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 123047.619048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 118827.132136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 123333.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 121379.120879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 118597.071929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 114583.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 122642.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 119097.302505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       176000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst       115100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 120271.356784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       119250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       115450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 118531.582740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 118768.115942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 119803.364269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       113375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.itb.walker       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 120307.553957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 118131.390625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119014.870557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 55531.250000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54266.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54321.428571                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54374.916667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 54541.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54363.636364                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 56062.500000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54543.086207                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54657.520548                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54333.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54166.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54333.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        54500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        54125                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        54250                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        54000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54083.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54177.419355                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 172312.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 114611.111111                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 156062.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       133000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       165250                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       122000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       117375                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       117500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131555.555556                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       113250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       121725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 118732.889100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 118166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 123047.619048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 118802.933036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 123333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 121379.120879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 118786.890437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 114583.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 122642.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 119150.671785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       176000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst       115100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 120496.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       119250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       115450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 118559.134157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 118768.115942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 119748.299320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       113375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.itb.walker       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 120307.553957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 118118.218359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119109.161422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       113250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       121725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 118732.889100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 118166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 123047.619048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 118802.933036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 123333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 121379.120879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 118786.890437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 114583.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 122642.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 119150.671785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       176000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst       115100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 120496.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       119250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       115450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 118559.134157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 118768.115942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 119748.299320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       113375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.itb.walker       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 120307.553957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 118118.218359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119109.161422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                     155955                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples       604525                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean       3.447217                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.287862                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev     16.831288                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         601857     99.56%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271         2668      0.44%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total        604525                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples       297037                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      4.073462                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.584967                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    18.852177                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15        295387     99.44%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         1650      0.56%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total       297037                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples          5173                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     40269882.080031                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean    36207579.486913                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    26382010.336193                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         3196     61.78%     61.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1512     29.23%     91.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          387      7.48%     98.49% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08           61      1.18%     99.67% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%     99.67% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            4      0.08%     99.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            1      0.02%     99.77% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.02%     99.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            1      0.02%     99.81% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            1      0.02%     99.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.02%     99.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%     99.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            4      0.08%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            2      0.04%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total            5173                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        40277502.506051      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                   2083929                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples         5173                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    23374966.170501                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   16934545.800730                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         3832     74.08%     74.08% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1240     23.97%     98.05% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08           92      1.78%     99.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            5      0.10%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            1      0.02%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total           5173                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       23385887.633285      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                1209969                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples          604525                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       11973.746330                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      11684.188624                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev       6112.962543                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-32767          601857     99.56%     99.56% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-65535            0      0.00%     99.56% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-98303         2367      0.39%     99.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-131071          107      0.02%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-163839          113      0.02%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::163840-196607           45      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-229375           27      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::229376-262143            8      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::294912-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::327680-360447            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::360448-393215            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::393216-425983            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::425984-458751            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::458752-491519            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total            604525                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples         295387                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean      11607.225436                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11602.095579                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev       374.736896                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0-2047               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287       281641     95.35%     95.35% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335        13562      4.59%     99.94% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383           79      0.03%     99.96% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431           15      0.01%     99.97% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479           19      0.01%     99.98% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527           18      0.01%     99.98% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575           15      0.01%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623           25      0.01%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671           13      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total           295387                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples              604525                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           85808.772177                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          201644.115869                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                  194      0.03%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000             1413      0.23%      0.27% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000            3202      0.53%      0.80% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000            6183      1.02%      1.82% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000           10976      1.82%      3.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000           18055      2.99%      6.62% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000           22882      3.79%     10.41% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000           24849      4.11%     14.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000           25866      4.28%     18.79% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000           29395      4.86%     23.66% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000           39769      6.58%     30.24% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000           43871      7.26%     37.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000           35200      5.82%     43.32% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000           29497      4.88%     48.20% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000           26690      4.42%     52.61% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000           27200      4.50%     57.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000           17804      2.95%     60.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000           14990      2.48%     62.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000           11183      1.85%     64.38% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000          10842      1.79%     66.18% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows            204464     33.82%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value         149186000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                604525                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples            297037                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         174065.927814                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        157409.274190                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                 18      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            272      0.09%      0.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000           513      0.17%      0.27% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000          1235      0.42%      0.69% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000          2217      0.75%      1.43% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          3356      1.13%      2.56% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000          4404      1.48%      4.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000          5043      1.70%      5.74% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000          5613      1.89%      7.63% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          6640      2.24%      9.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000          7976      2.69%     12.55% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000          8415      2.83%     15.39% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000          7604      2.56%     17.95% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000          7048      2.37%     20.32% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000          6604      2.22%     22.54% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000          7083      2.38%     24.93% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000          4153      1.40%     26.32% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000          4675      1.57%     27.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000         22497      7.57%     35.47% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         9310      3.13%     38.61% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows          182361     61.39%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value            3000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value        15032000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total              297037                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                901562                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             57372.249496                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            34221.699211                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                    419      0.05%      0.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000               2978      0.33%      0.38% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000              6836      0.76%      1.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000             13782      1.53%      2.66% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000             24780      2.75%      5.41% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000             38972      4.32%      9.73% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000             50938      5.65%     15.38% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000             56646      6.28%     21.67% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000             60858      6.75%     28.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000             70299      7.80%     36.22% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000             86943      9.64%     45.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000             93849     10.41%     56.27% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000             83608      9.27%     65.54% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000             70069      7.77%     73.31% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000             62843      6.97%     80.29% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000             61303      6.80%     87.08% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000             56214      6.24%     93.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000             25348      2.81%     96.13% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000             18597      2.06%     98.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000             7634      0.85%     99.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows                8646      0.96%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value            13333000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                  901562                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples         5173                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.132418                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.340117                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0             4490     86.80%     86.80% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1              681     13.16%     99.96% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                2      0.04%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total         5173                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples         5173                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.069979                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.255136                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0            4811     93.00%     93.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1             362      7.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total         5173                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples              5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean           116.861009                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean          115.592852                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev           13.516690                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-15                    9      0.17%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-31                   5      0.10%      0.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-47                   4      0.08%      0.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::48-63                   1      0.02%      0.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::64-79                  24      0.46%      0.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::80-95                 221      4.27%      5.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::96-111               1253     24.22%     29.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::112-127              2679     51.79%     81.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::128-143               927     17.92%     99.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::144-159                49      0.95%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::160-175                 1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::176-191                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::192-207                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::208-223                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::224-239                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::240-255                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::256-271                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::272-287                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::288-303                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::304-319                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total                5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples             5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean           57.419099                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev          12.470362                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0-7                   10      0.19%      0.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8-15                   8      0.15%      0.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16-23                  9      0.17%      0.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::24-31                 50      0.97%      1.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::32-39                226      4.37%      5.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::40-47                721     13.94%     19.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::48-55               1303     25.19%     44.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::56-63               1373     26.54%     71.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::64-71                859     16.61%     88.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::72-79                379      7.33%     95.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::80-87                159      3.07%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::88-95                 56      1.08%     99.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::96-103                19      0.37%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::104-111                1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::112-119                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::120-127                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::128-135                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::136-143                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::144-151                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::152-159                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total               5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples       606528                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean       3.464356                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.287286                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev     16.971813                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         603806     99.55%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271         2722      0.45%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total        606528                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples       295026                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      4.125077                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.585886                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    19.203635                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15        293325     99.42%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         1701      0.58%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total       295026                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples          5173                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     40614169.727431                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    25001706.250200                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         3142     60.74%     60.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1554     30.04%     90.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          395      7.64%     98.41% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08           64      1.24%     99.65% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            2      0.04%     99.69% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            4      0.08%     99.77% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            3      0.06%     99.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.02%     99.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            3      0.06%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            1      0.02%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            2      0.04%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total            5173                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        40611871.284140      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                   2101229                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples         5173                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    23496269.089503                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   17205825.770573                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         3792     73.30%     73.30% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1271     24.57%     97.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08           97      1.88%     99.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            6      0.12%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            3      0.06%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            2      0.04%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total           5173                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       23521877.154824      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                1217005                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples          606528                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       11972.178696                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      11683.387201                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev       6022.471691                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-16383          603539     99.51%     99.51% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-32767          267      0.04%     99.55% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%     99.55% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%     99.55% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%     99.55% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-98303         2453      0.40%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-114687           57      0.01%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-131071           50      0.01%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-147455           54      0.01%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-163839           46      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-180223           39      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           21      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total            606528                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples         293325                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean      11606.976562                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11601.806332                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev       376.463716                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0-2047               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287       279683     95.35%     95.35% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335        13455      4.59%     99.94% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383           78      0.03%     99.96% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431           24      0.01%     99.97% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479            9      0.00%     99.97% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527           20      0.01%     99.98% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575           23      0.01%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623           18      0.01%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671           15      0.01%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total           293325                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples              606528                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           85272.449087                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          60761.769158                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                  218      0.04%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000             1435      0.24%      0.27% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000            3298      0.54%      0.82% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000            6158      1.02%      1.83% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000           11185      1.84%      3.68% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000           18323      3.02%      6.70% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000           23343      3.85%     10.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000           25605      4.22%     14.77% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000           25532      4.21%     18.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000           29420      4.85%     23.83% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000           39482      6.51%     30.34% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000           43501      7.17%     37.51% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000           34604      5.71%     43.21% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000           29373      4.84%     48.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000           26917      4.44%     52.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000           27516      4.54%     57.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000           18236      3.01%     60.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000           14988      2.47%     62.51% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000           11329      1.87%     64.38% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000          10901      1.80%     66.17% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows            205164     33.83%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value          13343000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                606528                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples            295026                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         175371.933321                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        188148.939228                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                 21      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            199      0.07%      0.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000           544      0.18%      0.26% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000          1109      0.38%      0.63% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000          2161      0.73%      1.37% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          3270      1.11%      2.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000          4251      1.44%      3.92% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000          4939      1.67%      5.59% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000          5468      1.85%      7.44% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          6444      2.18%      9.63% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000          7704      2.61%     12.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000          8254      2.80%     15.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000          7145      2.42%     17.46% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000          7010      2.38%     19.84% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000          6468      2.19%     22.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000          6665      2.26%     24.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000          4162      1.41%     25.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000          4635      1.57%     27.27% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000         22219      7.53%     34.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         9218      3.12%     37.92% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows          183140     62.08%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value            3000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value        51459000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total              295026                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                901554                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             57388.997220                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            39619.899422                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                    420      0.05%      0.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000               2914      0.32%      0.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000              6823      0.76%      1.13% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000             13367      1.48%      2.61% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000             24698      2.74%      5.35% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000             39557      4.39%      9.74% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000             51649      5.73%     15.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000             57890      6.42%     21.89% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000             60460      6.71%     28.59% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000             70036      7.77%     36.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000             86297      9.57%     45.93% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000             92941     10.31%     56.24% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000             82775      9.18%     65.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000             69750      7.74%     73.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000             62984      6.99%     80.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000             61767      6.85%     87.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000             57022      6.32%     93.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000             25204      2.80%     96.12% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000             18578      2.06%     98.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000             7606      0.84%     99.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows                8816      0.98%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value            19425000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                  901554                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples         5173                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.136671                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.345217                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0             4469     86.39%     86.39% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1              701     13.55%     99.94% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                3      0.06%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total         5173                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples         5173                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.059733                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.237015                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0            4864     94.03%     94.03% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1             309      5.97%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total         5173                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples              5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean           117.248212                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev           13.451032                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-7                     6      0.12%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8-15                    3      0.06%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-23                   4      0.08%      0.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::24-31                   3      0.06%      0.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-39                   1      0.02%      0.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::40-47                   1      0.02%      0.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::48-55                   0      0.00%      0.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::56-63                   1      0.02%      0.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::64-71                   0      0.00%      0.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::72-79                  15      0.29%      0.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::80-87                  54      1.04%      1.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::88-95                 141      2.73%      4.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::96-103                398      7.69%     12.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::104-111               835     16.14%     28.26% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::112-119              1417     27.39%     55.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::120-127              1259     24.34%     79.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::128-135               723     13.98%     93.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::136-143               242      4.68%     98.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::144-151                64      1.24%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::152-159                 6      0.12%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total                5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples             5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean           57.030157                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev          12.371500                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0-7                   11      0.21%      0.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8-15                   5      0.10%      0.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16-23                 11      0.21%      0.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::24-31                 66      1.28%      1.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::32-39                243      4.70%      6.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::40-47                729     14.09%     20.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::48-55               1283     24.80%     45.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::56-63               1402     27.10%     72.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::64-71                829     16.03%     88.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::72-79                387      7.48%     96.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::80-87                141      2.73%     98.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::88-95                 50      0.97%     99.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::96-103                16      0.31%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::104-111                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::112-119                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::120-127                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::128-135                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::136-143                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::144-151                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::152-159                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total               5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples       604124                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean       3.456449                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.288642                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev     16.896287                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         601437     99.56%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271         2687      0.44%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total        604124                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples       297440                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      4.069456                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.582991                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    18.839625                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15        295790     99.45%     99.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         1650      0.55%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total       297440                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples          5173                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     40345988.787937                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    25939119.294182                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         3162     61.13%     61.13% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1549     29.94%     91.07% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          390      7.54%     98.61% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08           53      1.02%     99.63% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            5      0.10%     99.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            1      0.02%     99.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            2      0.04%     99.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            3      0.06%     99.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%     99.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%     99.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            2      0.04%     99.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            2      0.04%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            1      0.02%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            1      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total            5173                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        40358582.102818      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                   2088124                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples         5173                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    23378832.398995                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   16738244.320151                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         3833     74.10%     74.10% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1247     24.11%     98.20% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08           80      1.55%     99.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            5      0.10%     99.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            3      0.06%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            2      0.04%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            1      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total           5173                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       23394585.087050      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                1210419                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples          604124                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       11973.624786                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      11683.127760                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev       6102.578823                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-16383          601159     99.51%     99.51% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-32767          278      0.05%     99.56% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%     99.56% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%     99.56% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%     99.56% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-98303         2389      0.40%     99.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-114687           64      0.01%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-131071           48      0.01%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-147455           49      0.01%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-163839           50      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::163840-180223           49      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            3      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           32      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total            604124                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples         295790                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean      11605.925826                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11600.884050                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev       371.078996                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0-2047               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287       282008     95.34%     95.34% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335        13624      4.61%     99.95% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383           68      0.02%     99.97% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431           15      0.01%     99.97% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479           12      0.00%     99.98% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527           13      0.00%     99.98% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            8      0.00%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623           24      0.01%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671           18      0.01%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total           295790                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples              604124                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           85860.176057                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          202063.897450                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                  213      0.04%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000             1410      0.23%      0.27% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000            3171      0.52%      0.79% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000            6157      1.02%      1.81% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000           10976      1.82%      3.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000           18288      3.03%      6.66% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000           23404      3.87%     10.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000           25248      4.18%     14.71% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000           25752      4.26%     18.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000           29429      4.87%     23.84% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000           39162      6.48%     30.33% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000           43095      7.13%     37.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000           34343      5.68%     43.14% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000           29364      4.86%     48.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000           26668      4.41%     52.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000           27310      4.52%     56.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000           18163      3.01%     59.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000           15295      2.53%     62.48% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000           11216      1.86%     64.34% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000          10748      1.78%     66.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows            204712     33.89%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value         149504000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                604124                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples            297440                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         173828.513314                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        157974.728911                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                 25      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            257      0.09%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000           544      0.18%      0.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000          1215      0.41%      0.69% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000          2124      0.71%      1.40% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          3291      1.11%      2.51% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000          4332      1.46%      3.96% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000          5217      1.75%      5.72% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000          5788      1.95%      7.66% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          6785      2.28%      9.94% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000          8003      2.69%     12.63% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000          8365      2.81%     15.45% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000          7624      2.56%     18.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000          7106      2.39%     20.40% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000          6353      2.14%     22.54% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000          6968      2.34%     24.88% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000          4148      1.39%     26.27% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000          4774      1.61%     27.88% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000         22291      7.49%     35.37% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         9185      3.09%     38.46% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows          183045     61.54%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value            2000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value        15253000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total              297440                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                901564                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             57368.006043                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            34122.033450                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                    449      0.05%      0.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000               2956      0.33%      0.38% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000              6798      0.75%      1.13% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000             13288      1.47%      2.61% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000             24841      2.76%      5.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000             39195      4.35%      9.71% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000             51386      5.70%     15.41% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000             57625      6.39%     21.80% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000             61279      6.80%     28.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000             70084      7.77%     36.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000             86366      9.58%     45.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000             92904     10.30%     56.25% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000             82986      9.20%     65.46% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000             69764      7.74%     73.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000             62983      6.99%     80.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000             61462      6.82%     87.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000             56656      6.28%     93.28% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000             25658      2.85%     96.13% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000             18570      2.06%     98.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000             7681      0.85%     99.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows                8633      0.96%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value            13001000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                  901564                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples         5173                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.136478                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.344453                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0             4469     86.39%     86.39% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1              702     13.57%     99.96% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                2      0.04%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total         5173                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples         5173                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.068239                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.252180                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0            4820     93.18%     93.18% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1             353      6.82%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total         5173                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples              5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean           116.783105                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev           13.649622                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-7                     6      0.12%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8-15                    2      0.04%      0.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-23                   6      0.12%      0.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::24-31                   2      0.04%      0.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-39                   2      0.04%      0.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::40-47                   0      0.00%      0.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::48-55                   1      0.02%      0.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::56-63                   0      0.00%      0.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::64-71                   4      0.08%      0.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::72-79                  16      0.31%      0.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::80-87                  59      1.14%      1.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::88-95                 169      3.27%      5.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::96-103                404      7.81%     12.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::104-111               887     17.15%     30.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::112-119              1336     25.83%     55.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::120-127              1302     25.17%     81.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::128-135               689     13.32%     94.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::136-143               227      4.39%     98.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::144-151                57      1.10%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::152-159                 4      0.08%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total                5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples             5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean           57.497197                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev          12.529588                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0-7                   10      0.19%      0.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8-15                   4      0.08%      0.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16-23                  7      0.14%      0.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::24-31                 64      1.24%      1.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::32-39                226      4.37%      6.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::40-47                704     13.61%     19.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::48-55               1309     25.30%     44.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::56-63               1330     25.71%     70.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::64-71                880     17.01%     87.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::72-79                400      7.73%     95.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::80-87                164      3.17%     98.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::88-95                 58      1.12%     99.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::96-103                15      0.29%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::104-111                2      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::112-119                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::120-127                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::128-135                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::136-143                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::144-151                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::152-159                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total               5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples       604701                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean       3.454997                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.285466                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev     16.916467                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         602005     99.55%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271         2696      0.45%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total        604701                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples       296858                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      4.105451                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.591175                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    19.026768                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15        295178     99.43%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         1680      0.57%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total       296858                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples          5173                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     40357664.797990                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean    36346298.634115                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    26119285.931319                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         3149     60.87%     60.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1572     30.39%     91.26% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          375      7.25%     98.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08           61      1.18%     99.69% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            1      0.02%     99.71% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            2      0.04%     99.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            1      0.02%     99.77% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            3      0.06%     99.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            1      0.02%     99.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.02%     99.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            1      0.02%     99.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            2      0.04%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            2      0.04%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total            5173                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        40380151.788156      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                   2089240                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples         5173                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    23544674.270249                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   16597261.359739                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         3803     73.52%     73.52% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1267     24.49%     98.01% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08           90      1.74%     99.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            7      0.14%     99.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            3      0.06%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            1      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total           5173                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       23555333.360308      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                1218736                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples          604701                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       11977.603146                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      11684.378475                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev       6161.175086                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-16383          601765     99.51%     99.51% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-32767          240      0.04%     99.55% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%     99.55% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%     99.55% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%     99.55% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-98303         2377      0.39%     99.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-114687           54      0.01%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-131071           70      0.01%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-147455           61      0.01%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-163839           50      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::163840-180223           39      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            2      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            2      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           37      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total            604701                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples         295178                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean      11607.792247                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11602.686042                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev       373.706618                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0-2047               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287       281498     95.37%     95.37% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335        13497      4.57%     99.94% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383           78      0.03%     99.96% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431           23      0.01%     99.97% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479           15      0.01%     99.98% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527           15      0.01%     99.98% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575           10      0.00%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623           27      0.01%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671           15      0.01%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total           295178                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples              604701                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           85537.138189                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          64364.538738                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                  211      0.03%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000             1342      0.22%      0.26% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000            3260      0.54%      0.80% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000            6112      1.01%      1.81% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000           11073      1.83%      3.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000           18240      3.02%      6.65% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000           23430      3.87%     10.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000           25109      4.15%     14.68% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000           26029      4.30%     18.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000           29212      4.83%     23.82% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000           39345      6.51%     30.32% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000           43069      7.12%     37.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000           34719      5.74%     43.19% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000           29554      4.89%     48.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000           26797      4.43%     52.51% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000           27360      4.52%     57.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000           18412      3.04%     60.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000           15331      2.54%     62.61% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000           11163      1.85%     64.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000          10863      1.80%     66.25% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows            204070     33.75%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value          15159000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                604701                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples            296858                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         174680.665503                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        317624.110300                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                 29      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            217      0.07%      0.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000           578      0.19%      0.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000          1216      0.41%      0.69% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000          2143      0.72%      1.41% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          3370      1.14%      2.54% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000          4195      1.41%      3.96% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000          5245      1.77%      5.72% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000          5677      1.91%      7.64% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          6790      2.29%      9.92% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000          8108      2.73%     12.66% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000          8554      2.88%     15.54% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000          7602      2.56%     18.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000          6958      2.34%     20.44% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000          6630      2.23%     22.67% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000          6783      2.28%     24.96% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000          4032      1.36%     26.32% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000          4519      1.52%     27.84% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000         22371      7.54%     35.38% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         9143      3.08%     38.46% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows          182698     61.54%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value            2000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value       149634000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total              296858                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                901559                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             57372.166436                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            35140.880967                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                    442      0.05%      0.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000               2838      0.31%      0.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000              6964      0.77%      1.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000             13287      1.47%      2.61% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000             24418      2.71%      5.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000             39614      4.39%      9.71% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000             51642      5.73%     15.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000             57321      6.36%     21.80% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000             60918      6.76%     28.56% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000             69667      7.73%     36.28% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000             86718      9.62%     45.90% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000             93325     10.35%     56.25% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000             83907      9.31%     65.56% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000             69343      7.69%     73.25% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000             62772      6.96%     80.21% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000             61404      6.81%     87.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000             56508      6.27%     93.29% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000             25633      2.84%     96.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000             18585      2.06%     98.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000             7667      0.85%     99.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows                8586      0.95%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value            13008000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                  901559                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples         5173                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.135705                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.344758                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0             4475     86.51%     86.51% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1              694     13.42%     99.92% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                4      0.08%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total         5173                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples         5173                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.063020                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.243022                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0            4847     93.70%     93.70% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1             326      6.30%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total         5173                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples              5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean           116.894259                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean          115.588132                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev           13.570568                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-7                     6      0.12%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8-15                    5      0.10%      0.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-23                   3      0.06%      0.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::24-31                   1      0.02%      0.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-39                   2      0.04%      0.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::40-47                   1      0.02%      0.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::48-55                   0      0.00%      0.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::56-63                   2      0.04%      0.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::64-71                   2      0.04%      0.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::72-79                  19      0.37%      0.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::80-87                  50      0.97%      1.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::88-95                 183      3.54%      5.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::96-103                378      7.31%     12.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::104-111               863     16.68%     29.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::112-119              1409     27.24%     56.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::120-127              1250     24.16%     80.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::128-135               704     13.61%     94.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::136-143               245      4.74%     99.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::144-151                40      0.77%     99.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::152-159                10      0.19%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total                5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples             5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean           57.385270                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev          12.434182                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0-7                    9      0.17%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8-15                   6      0.12%      0.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16-23                 14      0.27%      0.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::24-31                 39      0.75%      1.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::32-39                259      5.01%      6.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::40-47                705     13.63%     19.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::48-55               1263     24.42%     44.36% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::56-63               1411     27.28%     71.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::64-71                859     16.61%     88.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::72-79                368      7.11%     95.36% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::80-87                176      3.40%     98.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::88-95                 43      0.83%     99.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::96-103                19      0.37%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::104-111                1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::112-119                1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::120-127                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::128-135                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::136-143                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::144-151                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::152-159                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total               5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples      2419884                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean        3.456388                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean       2.287340                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      16.908743                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         2409105     99.55%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        10779      0.45%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total        2419884                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples      1186361                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean       4.093298                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.586252                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     18.980688                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15        1179680     99.44%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         6681      0.56%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total       1186361                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples           5173                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      161587705.393389                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean     154970408.018814                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     81394040.479694                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08         1296     25.05%     25.05% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08         3853     74.48%     99.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            3      0.06%     99.59% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            2      0.04%     99.63% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            5      0.10%     99.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            2      0.04%     99.77% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            2      0.04%     99.81% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            1      0.02%     99.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            2      0.04%     99.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            3      0.06%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            1      0.02%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            2      0.04%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total             5173                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         161628107.681165      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                    8362522                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples          5173                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     93794741.929248                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    42842902.466554                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07         1635     31.61%     31.61% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08         2807     54.26%     85.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08          697     13.47%     99.34% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08           19      0.37%     99.71% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08            3      0.06%     99.77% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08            2      0.04%     99.81% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08            2      0.04%     99.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08            4      0.08%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            1      0.02%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            1      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total            5173                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        93857683.235467      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                 4856129                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples          2419878                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        20487.510114                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       20232.252895                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev        6131.955131                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-32767          2406515     99.45%     99.45% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-65535         2590      0.11%     99.55% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-98303            0      0.00%     99.55% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-131071         9927      0.41%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-163839          416      0.02%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-196607          291      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-229375            8      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-262143          126      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-294911            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::327680-360447            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::360448-393215            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::393216-425983            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::425984-458751            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::458752-491519            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total            2419878                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples         1179680                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean       20084.229198                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20075.947061                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev        693.587984                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-4095                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-20479      1109569     94.06%     94.06% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-24575        67483      5.72%     99.78% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-28671          821      0.07%     99.85% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-32767          717      0.06%     99.91% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-36863          690      0.06%     99.97% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-40959          114      0.01%     99.98% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::40960-45055          128      0.01%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::45056-49151          154      0.01%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::49152-53247            4      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::53248-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::57344-61439            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::61440-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::65536-69631            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::69632-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::73728-77823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::77824-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total           1179680                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples              2419884                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            21374.889458                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           24660.323851                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                558987     23.10%     23.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            354043     14.63%     37.73% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000           268348     11.09%     48.82% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000           231523      9.57%     58.39% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000           210022      8.68%     67.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000           184764      7.64%     74.70% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000           135239      5.59%     80.29% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            98213      4.06%     84.35% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            76817      3.17%     87.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            69082      2.85%     90.38% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            67572      2.79%     93.17% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            51677      2.14%     95.31% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            30660      1.27%     96.57% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            22207      0.92%     97.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            17684      0.73%     98.22% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            15225      0.63%     98.85% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            10112      0.42%     99.27% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000             7299      0.30%     99.57% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000             4051      0.17%     99.74% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            2696      0.11%     99.85% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows               3663      0.15%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value           11282000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                2419884                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples            1186361                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          43611.750976                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         51318.927081                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000              115800      9.76%      9.76% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000           89939      7.58%     17.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          79916      6.74%     24.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000          87635      7.39%     31.47% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000          78575      6.62%     38.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          72362      6.10%     44.19% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000          64525      5.44%     49.63% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000          59133      4.98%     54.61% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000          51920      4.38%     58.99% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          50492      4.26%     63.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000          51564      4.35%     67.59% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000          47779      4.03%     71.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000          39558      3.33%     74.95% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000          37054      3.12%     78.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000          34000      2.87%     80.94% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000          36592      3.08%     84.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000          25194      2.12%     86.15% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000          27001      2.28%     88.42% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000          85865      7.24%     95.66% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000          9845      0.83%     96.49% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            41612      3.51%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value             1000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value         33238000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total              1186361                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                3606245                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              14347.134069                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             19512.081310                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                 1146813     31.80%     31.80% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000              665939     18.47%     50.27% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000             476004     13.20%     63.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000             378501     10.50%     73.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000             299445      8.30%     82.27% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000             221571      6.14%     88.41% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000             142277      3.95%     92.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000              90816      2.52%     94.87% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000              63117      1.75%     96.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000              46941      1.30%     97.93% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000              34023      0.94%     98.87% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000              20009      0.55%     99.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000               9551      0.26%     99.69% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000               5308      0.15%     99.84% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000               2996      0.08%     99.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000               1635      0.05%     99.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000                619      0.02%     99.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000                203      0.01%     99.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 99      0.00%     99.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000                38      0.00%     99.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows                  340      0.01%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value             14657500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                  3606245                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         5173                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.953025                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.939548                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0              1944     37.58%     37.58% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1              1925     37.21%     74.79% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2               972     18.79%     93.58% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3               271      5.24%     98.82% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                57      1.10%     99.92% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 4      0.08%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total          5173                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         5173                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean      0.463367                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.644794                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0             3170     61.28%     61.28% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1             1646     31.82%     93.10% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2              321      6.21%     99.30% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3               35      0.68%     99.98% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                1      0.02%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total         5173                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples               5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean            467.787744                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean           465.190861                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev            25.018334                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-31                     7      0.14%      0.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-63                    1      0.02%      0.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-95                    5      0.10%      0.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::96-127                   3      0.06%      0.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-159                  1      0.02%      0.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::160-191                  1      0.02%      0.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::192-223                  0      0.00%      0.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::224-255                  1      0.02%      0.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::256-287                  0      0.00%      0.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::288-319                  2      0.04%      0.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::320-351                  1      0.02%      0.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::352-383                  1      0.02%      0.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::384-415                  2      0.04%      0.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::416-447                  7      0.14%      0.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::448-479               5057     97.76%     98.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::480-511                 84      1.62%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::512-543                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::544-575                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::576-607                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::608-639                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                 5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples              5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean           229.331722                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev           13.063981                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-15                    7      0.14%      0.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-31                   4      0.08%      0.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-47                   2      0.04%      0.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::48-63                   2      0.04%      0.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::64-79                   2      0.04%      0.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::80-95                   2      0.04%      0.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::96-111                  0      0.00%      0.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::112-127                 0      0.00%      0.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::128-143                 1      0.02%      0.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::144-159                 1      0.02%      0.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::160-175                 0      0.00%      0.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::176-191                 3      0.06%      0.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::192-207                 2      0.04%      0.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::208-223               348      6.73%      7.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::224-239              4692     90.70%     97.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::240-255               107      2.07%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::256-271                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::272-287                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::288-303                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::304-319                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total                5173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     6630806                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                       109                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    2592578                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        6                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 6630915                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                2592584                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                          9223384                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                            115                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                      9223499                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    22955893                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                22955893                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         22955893                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     22955893                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       103353902                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   20658357                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     21562392                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             20563065                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     898936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       901458                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    20563065                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           33284611                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          16620293                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            84583019                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            7682847                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      9224270                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    6631063                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   2593207                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              147160.576132                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              103206741.423868                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.998576                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.001424                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          1898808                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 12087164     56.05%     56.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  251972      1.17%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 6631063     30.75%     87.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                2593207     12.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  21563408                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      69                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              742                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           23286887                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              742                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         31383.944744                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         45912528                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        45912528                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst     22955151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       22955151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst     22955151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        22955151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst     22955151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       22955151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst          742                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          742                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst          742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst          742                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          742                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     20943895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     20943895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     20943895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     20943895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     20943895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     20943895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     22955893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     22955893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     22955893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     22955893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     22955893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     22955893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 28226.273585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28226.273585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 28226.273585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28226.273585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 28226.273585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28226.273585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     19405105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19405105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     19405105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     19405105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     19405105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     19405105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 26152.432615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26152.432615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 26152.432615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26152.432615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 26152.432615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26152.432615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry               165                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             2973                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          251.042538                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            8742134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2973                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs          2940.509250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   251.042538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.980635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.980635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          218                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.851562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         17553082                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        17553082                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      6326551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6326551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      2444887                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2444887                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           49                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           49                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          102                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          102                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           65                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           65                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data      8771438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8771438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data      8771487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8771487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         3070                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3070                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          118                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          118                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           33                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           33                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           39                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           39                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data         3188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          3188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data         3221                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         3221                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    231957883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    231957883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4420997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4420997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       837499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       837499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1153000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1153000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    236378880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    236378880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    236378880                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    236378880                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      6329621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6329621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      2445005                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2445005                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           82                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          142                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          142                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          104                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data      8774626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8774626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data      8774708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8774708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.402439                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.402439                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.281690                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.281690                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.375000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 75556.313681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75556.313681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 37466.076271                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37466.076271                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 20937.475000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20937.475000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 29564.102564                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29564.102564                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 74146.449184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74146.449184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 73386.799131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73386.799131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          189                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              189                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         3070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           33                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           39                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         3188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         3221                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3221                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    225730113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225730113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4182003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4182003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       672500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       672500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       154001                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       154001                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1075000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1075000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    229912116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229912116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    230584616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230584616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  12690464011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12690464011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data   6138029007                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6138029007                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  18828493018                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18828493018                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.402439                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.402439                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.063380                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063380                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 73527.724104                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73527.724104                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 35440.703390                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35440.703390                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 20378.787879                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20378.787879                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 17111.222222                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17111.222222                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 27564.102564                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27564.102564                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 72117.978670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72117.978670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 71587.896926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71587.896926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry             15509                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     6632417                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                       110                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    2593155                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        5                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 6632527                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                2593160                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                          9225572                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                            115                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                      9225687                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    22962174                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                22962174                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         22962174                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     22962174                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       103359513                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   20663932                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     21568189                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             20568514                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     899208                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       901706                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    20568514                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           33293090                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          16624908                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            84605121                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            7684713                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      9226389                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    6632656                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   2593733                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              128060.561685                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              103231452.438315                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.998761                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.001239                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1899337                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 12090662     56.06%     56.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                  252088      1.17%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 6632656     30.75%     87.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                2593733     12.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  21569141                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      54                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              720                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           23277619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              720                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         32330.026389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         45925068                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        45925068                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst     22961454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       22961454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst     22961454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        22961454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst     22961454                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       22961454                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst          720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst          720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst          720                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          720                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     16654927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16654927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     16654927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16654927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     16654927                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16654927                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     22962174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     22962174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     22962174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     22962174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     22962174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     22962174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 23131.843056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23131.843056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 23131.843056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23131.843056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 23131.843056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23131.843056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     15172073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15172073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     15172073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15172073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     15172073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15172073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 21072.323611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21072.323611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 21072.323611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21072.323611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 21072.323611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21072.323611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry               150                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             3072                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          247.125537                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           17527805                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             3072                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs          5705.665690                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   247.125537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.965334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.965334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.863281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         17557317                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        17557317                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      6327941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6327941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      2445481                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2445481                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           56                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           56                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           62                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           62                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data      8773422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         8773422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data      8773478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        8773478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         3196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           24                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           24                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           41                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           41                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data         3296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          3296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data         3320                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         3320                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    232547378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    232547378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      3634992                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3634992                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       621499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       621499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1013500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1013500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        30500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        30500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    236182370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    236182370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    236182370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    236182370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      6331137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6331137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      2445581                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2445581                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           80                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          103                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          103                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data      8776718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8776718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data      8776798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8776798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000041                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.300000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.300000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.271930                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.271930                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.398058                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.398058                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 72762.008135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72762.008135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 36349.920000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36349.920000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 20048.354839                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20048.354839                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 24719.512195                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24719.512195                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 71657.272451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71657.272451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 71139.268072                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71139.268072                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          166                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              166                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         3196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           24                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           41                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         3296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         3320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    226076614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    226076614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      3432008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3432008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       405500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       405500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       205001                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       205001                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       933500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       933500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        28500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    229508622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229508622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    229914122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229914122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  12695427005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12695427005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data   6139371008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6139371008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  18834798013                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18834798013                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.300000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.096491                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096491                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.398058                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.398058                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 70737.363579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70737.363579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 34320.080000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34320.080000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 16895.833333                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16895.833333                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 18636.454545                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18636.454545                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 22768.292683                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22768.292683                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 69632.470267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69632.470267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 69251.241566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69251.241566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry             15353                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     6627351                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                       110                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    2591305                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        5                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                 6627461                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                2591310                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                          9218656                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                            115                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                      9218771                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                    22943259                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                22943259                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                         22943259                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                     22943259                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                       103353910                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   20647075                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     21550497                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             20551799                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     898450                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       900848                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    20551799                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           33266286                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          16611086                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            84536828                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            7678601                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      9219504                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    6627606                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   2591898                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              175283.617465                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              103178626.382535                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.998304                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.001696                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          1897726                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 12080221     56.05%     56.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                  251742      1.17%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 6627606     30.75%     87.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                2591898     12.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  21551469                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      16                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              683                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           23240179                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs              683                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         34026.616398                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         45887201                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        45887201                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst     22942576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       22942576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst     22942576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        22942576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst     22942576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       22942576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst          683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst          683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst          683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     30222368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30222368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     30222368                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     30222368                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     30222368                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     30222368                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     22943259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     22943259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     22943259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     22943259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     22943259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     22943259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 44249.440703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44249.440703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 44249.440703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44249.440703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 44249.440703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44249.440703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     28781632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28781632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     28781632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28781632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     28781632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28781632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 42140.017570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42140.017570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 42140.017570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42140.017570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 42140.017570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42140.017570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry               135                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements             3019                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          249.594081                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            1361548                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             3019                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           450.993044                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   249.594081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.974977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.974977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.843750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         17544133                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        17544133                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      6323275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6323275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      2443627                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2443627                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           53                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           53                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           80                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           80                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           72                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           72                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data      8766902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         8766902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data      8766955                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        8766955                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         3145                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3145                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          107                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          107                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           23                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           23                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data         3252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total          3252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data         3275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total         3275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    235965865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    235965865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      4197992                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4197992                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1493495                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1493495                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       834500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       834500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        43500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        43500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    240163857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    240163857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    240163857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    240163857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data      6326420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6326420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data      2443734                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2443734                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           76                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data      8770154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8770154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data      8770230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8770230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.302632                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.302632                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.285714                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.285714                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.280000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.280000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 75028.891892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75028.891892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 39233.570093                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39233.570093                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 46671.718750                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46671.718750                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 29803.571429                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29803.571429                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 73851.124539                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73851.124539                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 73332.475420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73332.475420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          202                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total              202                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         3145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           23                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           28                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         3252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         3275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    229575135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229575135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      3980008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3980008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       897004                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       897004                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       577501                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       577501                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       782500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       782500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        39500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        39500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    233555143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233555143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    234452147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    234452147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data  12680669506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12680669506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data   6139269003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6139269003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data  18819938509                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18819938509                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.302632                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302632                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.098214                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098214                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.280000                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.280000                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 72996.863275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72996.863275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 37196.336449                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37196.336449                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 39000.173913                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39000.173913                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 52500.090909                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52500.090909                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 27946.428571                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27946.428571                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 71818.924662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71818.924662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 71588.441832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71588.441832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry             15223                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                     6634960                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                       113                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                    2594129                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        8                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                 6635073                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                2594137                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                          9229089                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                            121                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                      9229210                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                    22971029                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                22971029                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                         22971029                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                     22971029                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                       103398235                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   20671688                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     21576326                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             20576523                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     899561                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       901930                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    20576523                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           33305357                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          16631416                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            84637111                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            7687324                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      9229923                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    6635217                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   2594706                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              80264.653563                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              103317970.346437                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.999224                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.000776                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1899933                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 12095088     56.05%     56.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                  252275      1.17%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     57.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 6635217     30.75%     87.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                2594706     12.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  21577288                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              739                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           23250995                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              739                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         31462.780785                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         45942797                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        45942797                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst     22970290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       22970290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst     22970290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        22970290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst     22970290                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       22970290                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst          739                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          739                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst          739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst          739                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          739                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     16626916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16626916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     16626916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16626916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     16626916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16626916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     22971029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     22971029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     22971029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     22971029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     22971029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     22971029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 22499.209743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22499.209743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 22499.209743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22499.209743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 22499.209743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22499.209743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     15109084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15109084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     15109084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15109084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     15109084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15109084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 20445.309878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20445.309878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 20445.309878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20445.309878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 20445.309878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20445.309878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry               156                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             3089                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          249.197156                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           18401651                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             3089                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs          5957.154743                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   249.197156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.973426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.973426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          242                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.945312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         17563993                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        17563993                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      6330297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6330297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      2446441                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2446441                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           52                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           52                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           73                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           73                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           72                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           72                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data      8776738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         8776738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data      8776790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        8776790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         3212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           30                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           30                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data         3320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          3320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data         3347                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         3347                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    233799388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    233799388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3455490                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3455490                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       361500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       361500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       661500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       661500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    237254878                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    237254878                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    237254878                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    237254878                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data      6333509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6333509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data      2446549                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2446549                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           79                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          102                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          102                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data      8780058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8780058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data      8780137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8780137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.341772                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.341772                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.298077                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.298077                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.294118                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.294118                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 72789.348692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72789.348692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 31995.277778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31995.277778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 11661.290323                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11661.290323                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        22050                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        22050                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 71462.312651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71462.312651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 70885.831491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70885.831491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          207                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              207                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         3212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           30                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         3320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         3347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    227294604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    227294604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3236510                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3236510                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       325500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       325500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        30000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        30000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       601500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       601500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    230531114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230531114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    230856614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230856614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data  12702939520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12702939520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data   6141391017                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6141391017                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data  18844330537                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18844330537                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.341772                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341772                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.057692                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057692                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.294118                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294118                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 70764.198007                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70764.198007                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 29967.685185                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29967.685185                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 12055.555556                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12055.555556                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data         5000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         5000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        20050                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20050                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 69437.082530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69437.082530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 68974.190021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68974.190021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry             15104                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                     6635322                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                       108                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                    2594252                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        5                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                 6635430                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                2594257                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                          9229574                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                            113                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                      9229687                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                    22972833                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                22972833                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                         22972833                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                     22972833                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                       103353909                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                   20673349                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                     21578136                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses             20578060                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                     899654                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts       902137                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                    20578060                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads           33308139                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes          16632686                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads            84643779                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes            7688041                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                      9230416                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                    6635569                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                   2594847                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              155831.106848                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              103198077.893152                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.998492                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.001508                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                          1900214                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                 12096406     56.06%     56.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                  252291      1.17%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                 6635569     30.75%     87.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                2594847     12.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                  21579115                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                      43                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements              722                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs           23232787                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs              722                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs         32178.375346                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses         45946388                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses        45946388                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst     22972111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       22972111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst     22972111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total        22972111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst     22972111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total       22972111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.inst          722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.inst          722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total           722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.inst          722                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total          722                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     17661858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17661858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     17661858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17661858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     17661858                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17661858                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst     22972833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     22972833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst     22972833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total     22972833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst     22972833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total     22972833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 24462.407202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24462.407202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 24462.407202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24462.407202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 24462.407202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24462.407202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     16148142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16148142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     16148142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16148142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     16148142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16148142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 22365.847645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22365.847645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 22365.847645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22365.847645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 22365.847645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22365.847645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry               157                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements             3017                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          249.273951                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs           10875636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             3017                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs          3604.784886                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   249.273951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.973726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.973726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          214                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.835938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         17564928                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses        17564928                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data      6330646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6330646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu4.data      2446555                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2446555                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           51                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           51                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           58                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           58                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data      8777201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total         8777201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data      8777252                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total        8777252                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data         3180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          119                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          119                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           31                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           31                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           51                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           51                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data         3299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total          3299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data         3330                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total         3330                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    190760360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    190760360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      4396487                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4396487                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       577998                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       577998                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1280000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1280000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        77000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        77000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    195156847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    195156847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    195156847                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    195156847                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data      6333826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6333826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data      2446674                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2446674                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           82                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          124                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          124                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          109                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          109                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data      8780500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8780500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data      8780582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8780582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000049                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.378049                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.378049                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.314516                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.314516                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.467890                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.467890                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 59987.534591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59987.534591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 36945.268908                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36945.268908                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 14820.461538                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14820.461538                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 25098.039216                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25098.039216                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 59156.364656                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59156.364656                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 58605.659760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58605.659760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          594                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total              594                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         3180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           31                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           50                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         3299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         3330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    184288636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    184288636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      4151513                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4151513                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       285501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       285501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       279001                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       279001                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1188000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1188000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        69000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        69000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    188440149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    188440149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    188725650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    188725650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data  12703736006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12703736006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data   6141643507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6141643507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data  18845379513                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18845379513                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000049                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.378049                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.378049                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.104839                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.104839                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.458716                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458716                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 57952.401258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57952.401258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 34886.663866                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34886.663866                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  9209.709677                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9209.709677                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 21461.615385                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21461.615385                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        23760                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        23760                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 57120.384662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57120.384662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 56674.369369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56674.369369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry             15007                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                     6635280                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                       111                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                    2594279                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        5                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                 6635391                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                2594284                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                          9229559                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                            116                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                      9229675                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                    22972877                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         1                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                22972878                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                         22972877                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              1                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                     22972878                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                       103353911                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                   20673384                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                     21578256                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses             20578160                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                     899658                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts       902174                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                    20578160                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads           33308583                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes          16632643                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads            84644213                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes            7688208                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                      9230469                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                    6635529                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                   2594940                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              177331.221650                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              103176579.778350                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.998284                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.001716                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                          1900265                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                 12096550     56.06%     56.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                  252282      1.17%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                 6635529     30.75%     87.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                2594940     12.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                  21579303                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                      88                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements              731                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs           23186900                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs              731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs         31719.425445                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses         45946485                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses        45946485                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst     22972146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       22972146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst     22972146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total        22972146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst     22972146                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total       22972146                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst          731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst          731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total           731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst          731                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total          731                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     17378881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17378881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     17378881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17378881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     17378881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17378881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst     22972877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     22972877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst     22972877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total     22972877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst     22972877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total     22972877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 23774.119015                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23774.119015                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 23774.119015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23774.119015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 23774.119015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23774.119015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     15859119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15859119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     15859119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15859119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     15859119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15859119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 21695.101231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21695.101231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 21695.101231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21695.101231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 21695.101231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21695.101231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry               166                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements             3038                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          249.786374                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs            8796017                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             3038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs          2895.331468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   249.786374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.975728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.975728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         17564912                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses        17564912                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data      6330550                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6330550                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data      2446579                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2446579                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           54                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           54                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          151                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          151                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           64                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           64                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data      8777129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total         8777129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data      8777183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total        8777183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data         3178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          122                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          122                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           29                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           29                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           36                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           36                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           44                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           44                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data         3300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total          3300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data         3329                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total         3329                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    180731859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    180731859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      4269487                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4269487                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       622998                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       622998                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1198000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1198000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        30500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        30500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    185001346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    185001346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    185001346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    185001346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data      6333728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6333728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data      2446701                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2446701                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           83                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          187                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          187                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          108                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          108                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data      8780429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8780429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data      8780512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8780512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000050                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.349398                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.349398                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.192513                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.192513                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.407407                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.407407                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 56869.685022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56869.685022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 34995.795082                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34995.795082                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 17305.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17305.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 27227.272727                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27227.272727                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 56061.013939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56061.013939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 55572.648243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55572.648243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          696                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total              696                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         3178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          122                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          122                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           29                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           42                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         3300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         3329                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3329                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    174268135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    174268135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      4019513                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4019513                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       439001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       439001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       170001                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       170001                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1116000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1116000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        28500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    178287648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    178287648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    178726649                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    178726649                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data  12701811504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12701811504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data   6143186000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6143186000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data  18844997504                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18844997504                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000050                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.349398                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349398                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.058824                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058824                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.388889                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.388889                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54835.788232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54835.788232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 32946.827869                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32946.827869                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 15137.965517                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15137.965517                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 15454.636364                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15454.636364                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 26571.428571                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26571.428571                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54026.560000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54026.560000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 53687.788825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53687.788825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry             14690                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                     6638798                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                       111                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                    2598142                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        5                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                 6638909                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                2598147                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                          9236940                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                            116                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                      9237056                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                    22988673                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         4                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                22988677                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                         22988673                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              4                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                     22988677                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                       103353991                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                   20689519                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                     21595781                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses             20593727                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                     899928                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts       904108                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                    20593727                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads           33338513                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes          16642441                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads            84708103                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes            7693888                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                      9238018                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                    6639172                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                   2598846                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              167377.382192                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              103186613.617808                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.998381                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.001619                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.Branches                          1902565                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                 12106742     56.06%     56.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                  252235      1.17%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 8      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     57.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                 6639172     30.74%     87.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                2598846     12.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                  21597003                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                     112                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements              883                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs           23150621                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs              883                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs         26218.143828                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses         45978229                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses        45978229                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst     22987790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       22987790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst     22987790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total        22987790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst     22987790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total       22987790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.inst          883                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          883                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.inst          883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total           883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.inst          883                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total          883                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     24801938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     24801938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     24801938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     24801938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     24801938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     24801938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst     22988673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     22988673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst     22988673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total     22988673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst     22988673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total     22988673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 28088.265006                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28088.265006                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 28088.265006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28088.265006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 28088.265006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28088.265006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          883                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          883                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     22996062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22996062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     22996062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     22996062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     22996062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     22996062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 26043.105323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26043.105323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 26043.105323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26043.105323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 26043.105323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26043.105323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry               165                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements             3161                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          253.258944                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs             828309                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             3161                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs           262.040177                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     4429281887000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   253.258944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.989293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.863281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         17579875                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses        17579875                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data      6333953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6333953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu6.data      2450369                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2450369                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          105                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          105                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          136                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          136                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data      8784322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total         8784322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data      8784427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total        8784427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data         3241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu6.data          127                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          127                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           34                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           34                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           45                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           45                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           40                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           40                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data         3368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total          3368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data         3402                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total         3402                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    152350851                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    152350851                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      5073993                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5073993                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      1072492                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1072492                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       991500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       991500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        29500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        29500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    157424844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    157424844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    157424844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    157424844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data      6337194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6337194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data      2450496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2450496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          139                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          139                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          245                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          245                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data      8787690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8787690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data      8787829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8787829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.244604                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.244604                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.183673                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.183673                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.227273                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.227273                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 47007.359148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47007.359148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 39952.700787                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39952.700787                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 23833.155556                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23833.155556                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 24787.500000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24787.500000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 46741.343230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46741.343230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 46274.204586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46274.204586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1053                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total             1053                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.data           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data         3241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          127                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          127                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           34                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           40                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data         3368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data         3402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    145749141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    145749141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      4816007                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4816007                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       692004                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       692004                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       354004                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       354004                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       913500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       913500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        27500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    150565148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    150565148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    151257152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    151257152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data  12700650008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12700650008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data   6141156003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6141156003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data  18841806011                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18841806011                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000052                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.244604                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244604                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.065306                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065306                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.227273                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227273                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 44970.423018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44970.423018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 37921.314961                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37921.314961                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 20353.058824                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20353.058824                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 22125.250000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22125.250000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 22837.500000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22837.500000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 44704.616390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44704.616390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 44461.243974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44461.243974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry             14448                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                     6644745                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                       123                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                    2600205                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                       10                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       3                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                 6644868                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                2600215                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                          9244950                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                            133                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                      9245083                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                    23014616                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         3                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                23014619                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                         23014616                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              3                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                     23014619                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                       103478747                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                   20713425                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                     21624897                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses             20619526                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                   145                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                     901393                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts       907468                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                    20619526                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                          145                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads           33378462                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes          16662231                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  81                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                 64                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads            84813982                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes            7707249                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                      9246268                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                    6645242                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                   2601026                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              28291.114852                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              103450455.885148                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.999727                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.000273                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                          1907517                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                 12127715     56.08%     56.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                  252430      1.17%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                15      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                 6645242     30.73%     87.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                2601026     12.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                  21626429                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                      59                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements             1269                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs           23107434                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1269                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs         18209.167849                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses         46030501                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses        46030501                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst     23013347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       23013347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst     23013347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total        23013347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst     23013347                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total       23013347                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total          1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     56529939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     56529939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     56529939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     56529939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     56529939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     56529939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst     23014616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23014616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst     23014616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total     23014616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst     23014616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total     23014616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 44546.839243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44546.839243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 44546.839243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44546.839243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 44546.839243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44546.839243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst         1269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst         1269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     53945061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53945061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     53945061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53945061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     53945061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53945061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 42509.898345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42509.898345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 42509.898345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42509.898345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 42509.898345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42509.898345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry               186                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements             3355                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          255.503178                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs           10305303                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             3355                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs          3071.625335                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   255.503178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.998059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.972656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         17595617                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses        17595617                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data      6339420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6339420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data      2452227                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2452227                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          165                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          165                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          295                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          295                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          231                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          231                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data      8791647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total         8791647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data      8791812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total        8791812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data         3356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          214                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          214                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           38                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           38                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           53                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           53                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           58                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           58                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data         3570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total          3570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data         3608                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total         3608                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data    131160867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    131160867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      8542990                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8542990                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2303498                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      2303498                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1760500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1760500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       154000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       154000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data    139703857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    139703857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data    139703857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    139703857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data      6342776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6342776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data      2452441                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2452441                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          203                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          203                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          348                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          348                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          289                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          289                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data      8795217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8795217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data      8795420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8795420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.187192                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.187192                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.152299                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.152299                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.200692                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.200692                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 39082.499106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39082.499106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 39920.514019                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39920.514019                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 43462.226415                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43462.226415                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 30353.448276                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30353.448276                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 39132.733053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39132.733053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 38720.581208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38720.581208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total             1451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data         3356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           38                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           57                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data         3570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data         3608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data    124335129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    124335129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      8108010                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8108010                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1190500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1190500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1081002                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1081002                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1654500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1654500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       146000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       146000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data    132443139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    132443139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data    133633639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    133633639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data  12708022000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12708022000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data   6141430000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6141430000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data  18849452000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18849452000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000087                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.187192                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.187192                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.051724                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051724                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.197232                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.197232                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 37048.608164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37048.608164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 37887.897196                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37887.897196                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 31328.947368                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31328.947368                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 60055.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60055.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 29026.315789                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29026.315789                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 37098.918487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37098.918487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 37038.148282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37038.148282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry             14865                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.host 51739280500 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -128656684.800000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       140626886.400000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -256899686.400000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       298059350.400000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -86792208.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       94867344.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -173305344.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       201071784.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -473866598.400000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       516897638.400000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -588519859.200000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       784614105.600000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -230498058.240000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       252670648.320000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -89116692.480000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       109676436.480000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -816313347072.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       844836411310.079346
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -816313347072.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       844836411310.079346
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -238462507082.880005
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       246882627083.519989
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -255851704252.799988
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       267499695384.000031
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -2633878342752.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       2725832392128.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -2618624661024.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       2707747244496.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.051739
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       827006118.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       5007276155.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       1059600.234387
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       2801847067.362017
system.cpu.int_instructions                       164629374.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       73802142.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       209.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       15206365.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       9783424.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       53082054.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       39367048.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       20763203.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       7620537.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       165390729.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       83585438.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       266483041.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       134904286.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       133057704.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       59013502.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       145.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       64.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       7196788.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       40.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       164629374.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       73802142.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       209.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       183781362.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       8.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       183781354.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       6489.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       50668211.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       19577181.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       73838668.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       944.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       25578.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       1015.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       14448670
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       10773.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       393216.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       6681.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       393216.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       19790.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       68055.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       75285.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       334012.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       44573.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       40325.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       2419797.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       1179680.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       10.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       1327794.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       2659502.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       1062532.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       2127732.000000
