timestamp2.sim_seconds                                 14.746570                       # Number of seconds simulated
timestamp2.sim_ticks                                14746570297000                       # Number of ticks simulated
timestamp2.final_tick                               18550023415500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
timestamp2.sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
timestamp2.host_inst_rate                                 415619                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
timestamp2.host_op_rate                                   433137                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
timestamp2.host_tick_rate                             3454734787                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
timestamp2.host_mem_usage                                 994148                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
timestamp2.host_seconds                                  4268.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
timestamp2.sim_insts                                  1774074175                       # Number of instructions simulated
timestamp2.sim_ops                                    1848850514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
timestamp2.system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.voltage_domain.voltage               1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.clk_domain.clock                   500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::total            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::total            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data            0                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::total            0                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::total            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       272128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.itb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst      1787136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data   1099594496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       116224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.itb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst       443392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data   1150211072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        55296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        15872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu6.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        11264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         8192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::total       2252517888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst      1787136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       443392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        55296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        11264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::total      2298112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::writebacks      2732800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::total       2732800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1063                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst         6981                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      4295291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          454                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst         1732                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      4493012                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          216                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu5.data           62                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu6.data           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::total           8798898                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::writebacks        10675                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::total            10675                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        18454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.itb.walker           35                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       121190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     74566118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         7881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.itb.walker           35                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        30067                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     77998548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3750                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         1076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu6.itb.walker           17                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst          764                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst           69                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.data           35                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::total           152748595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       121190                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        30067                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3750                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst          764                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst           69                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::total         155840                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::writebacks        185318                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::total             185318                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::writebacks        185318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        18454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.itb.walker           35                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       121190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     74566118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         7881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.itb.walker           35                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        30067                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     77998548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3750                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         1076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu6.itb.walker           17                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst          764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst           69                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           35                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::total          152933912                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                   8798898                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                    10675                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                70391184                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                  85400                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM           2251399104                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ               1118784                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten               2259616                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys            2252517888                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys            2732800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                34962                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts               14770                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            8                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0         8922411                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1         8890096                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2         8786615                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3         8633001                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4         8791548                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5         8745557                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6         8679816                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7         8907178                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0           11106                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1             184                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2           19474                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3             215                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4            1848                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5           19272                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6           18258                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7             256                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                14746579540000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5            70391184                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5              85400                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0               8653730                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1               8660739                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2               8674227                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3               8682371                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4               8688793                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5               8693897                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6               8702853                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7               8708318                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                141981                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                133640                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10               120141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11               111993                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12               105568                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13               100453                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14                91493                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15                86025                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                 2832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                 2836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                 2839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                 2847                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                 2866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                 2875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                 2884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                 2901                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                 2938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                 2950                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                 2950                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                 2950                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                 2950                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                 2950                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                 2950                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                 2950                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                 2950                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                 2949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                 2943                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                 2934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                 2916                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                 2909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                 2899                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                 2884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                  778                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::samples      8826691                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.323169                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.725845                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.868835                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::32-63        10947      0.12%      0.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7823      0.09%      0.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4742      0.05%      0.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::128-159          176      0.00%      0.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4749      0.05%      0.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7809      0.09%      0.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::224-255         8847      0.10%      0.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::256-287      8781598     99.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::total      8826691                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2949                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::mean 23446.913869                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  7269.040996                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 22987.902368                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023          434     14.72%     14.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047          692     23.47%     38.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071          287      9.73%     47.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095           80      2.71%     50.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::4096-5119           10      0.34%     50.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            4      0.14%     51.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::6144-7167            2      0.07%     51.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::7168-8191            1      0.03%     51.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            1      0.03%     51.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::10240-11263            1      0.03%     51.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::12288-13311            3      0.10%     51.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::13312-14335            1      0.03%     51.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            2      0.07%     51.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22527            1      0.03%     51.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23551            3      0.10%     51.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24575            3      0.10%     51.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::24576-25599            9      0.31%     52.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::25600-26623            8      0.27%     52.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::26624-27647           14      0.47%     52.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::27648-28671            6      0.20%     52.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::28672-29695           11      0.37%     53.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::29696-30719           15      0.51%     53.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::30720-31743           11      0.37%     54.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::31744-32767           15      0.51%     54.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::32768-33791           13      0.44%     55.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::33792-34815           25      0.85%     56.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::34816-35839           15      0.51%     56.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::35840-36863           17      0.58%     57.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::36864-37887           25      0.85%     57.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::37888-38911           27      0.92%     58.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::38912-39935           34      1.15%     60.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::39936-40959           18      0.61%     60.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::40960-41983           34      1.15%     61.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::41984-43007           29      0.98%     62.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::43008-44031           32      1.09%     63.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::44032-45055           37      1.25%     65.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::45056-46079           42      1.42%     66.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::46080-47103           39      1.32%     67.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::47104-48127           54      1.83%     69.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::48128-49151           85      2.88%     72.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::49152-50175          185      6.27%     78.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::50176-51199          272      9.22%     88.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::51200-52223          232      7.87%     95.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::52224-53247           90      3.05%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::53248-54271           22      0.75%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::54272-55295            7      0.24%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::55296-56319            1      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::total         2949                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2949                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.944727                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.889980                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.472497                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::16             51      1.73%      1.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::17             12      0.41%      2.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::18             20      0.68%      2.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::19              9      0.31%      3.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::20             40      1.36%      4.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::21             16      0.54%      5.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::22             13      0.44%      5.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::23             20      0.68%      6.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::24           2020     68.50%     74.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::25            748     25.36%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::total         2949                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat               1842776664800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat          3035314627700                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat             225139910400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                   26192.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat              43142.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                     152.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       0.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                  152.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    0.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       1.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   1.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     8.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                    31.29                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits               61541098                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                 59046                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate              83.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                  1673926.71                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::IDLE 13761926183600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::REF  320503546800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT  664143034600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::0          1356359558.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::1            1327154976                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::2          1336280198.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::3          1339881177.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::0             915004464                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::1             895302960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::2             901458864                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::3          903888096.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::0         8916668966.400002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::1         8719829913.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::2         8778258777.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::3         8802284275.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::0        12131389.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::1        14841169.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::2        15756042.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::3        14731683.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::0       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::1       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::2       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::3       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::0      28928616379.200001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::1      28759678611.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::2      28826050907.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::3      28881746072.639999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::0      911819303712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::1      911967494736                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::2      911909273424.000122                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::3      911860418016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::0        1018508331205.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::1        1018244549103.359985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::2        1018327324949.760132                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::3        1018363196057.280029                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::0          65.205727                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::1          65.188840                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::2          65.194139                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::3          65.196435                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        99072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data   1078190336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        93440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data   1130641408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        65024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        15616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::total       2209119744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        99072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        93440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        65024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        15616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::total       275200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::writebacks      1238016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::total       1238016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          387                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      4211681                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          365                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      4416568                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          254                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu5.data           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           61                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu6.data           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::total           8629374                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::writebacks         4836                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::total             4836                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         6718                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     73114651                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         6336                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     76671483                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         4409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         1059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst          139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.data           35                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::total           149805663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         6718                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6336                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         4409                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1059                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          139                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::total          18662                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::writebacks         83953                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::total              83953                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::writebacks         83953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         6718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     73114651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         6336                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     76671483                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         4409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          625                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         1059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst          139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           35                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::total          149889616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                   8629374                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                     4836                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                69034992                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                  38688                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM           2207621824                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ               1497920                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                146976                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys            2209119744                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys            1238016                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                46810                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts               34095                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           96                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0         8858710                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1         8763158                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2         8715013                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3         8371584                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4         8546065                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5         8322349                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6         8799917                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7         8611386                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0             960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1             272                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2             613                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3             985                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4             232                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5             449                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6             208                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7             874                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                14746569296000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5            69034992                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5              38688                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0               8488693                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1               8495327                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2               8508963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3               8514272                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4               8520147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5               8524918                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6               8536920                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7               8542497                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                135270                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                128175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10               114491                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11               109181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12               103306                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13                98535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14                86532                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15                80955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                  188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                   68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::samples      8644234                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.403637                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.915567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.036581                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::32-63         7471      0.09%      0.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7890      0.09%      0.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4798      0.06%      0.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::128-159          112      0.00%      0.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4798      0.06%      0.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7841      0.09%      0.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::224-255         6946      0.08%      0.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::256-287      8604378     99.54%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::total      8644234                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::samples          190                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::mean 356865.463158                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 10429.011686                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 743978.256149                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::0-131071          135     71.05%     71.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::131072-262143            8      4.21%     75.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::262144-393215            5      2.63%     77.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::393216-524287            3      1.58%     79.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::524288-655359            8      4.21%     83.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::655360-786431            5      2.63%     86.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::786432-917503            3      1.58%     87.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::917504-1.04858e+06            2      1.05%     88.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1.04858e+06-1.17965e+06            1      0.53%     89.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1.31072e+06-1.44179e+06            1      0.53%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1.57286e+06-1.70394e+06            2      1.05%     91.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1.70394e+06-1.83501e+06            5      2.63%     93.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1.96608e+06-2.09715e+06            2      1.05%     94.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2.22822e+06-2.3593e+06            3      1.58%     96.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2.3593e+06-2.49037e+06            2      1.05%     97.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2.75251e+06-2.88358e+06            2      1.05%     98.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::3.2768e+06-3.40787e+06            1      0.53%     98.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::3.40787e+06-3.53894e+06            1      0.53%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::4.32538e+06-4.45645e+06            1      0.53%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::total          190                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::samples          190                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.173684                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.141232                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.148425                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.53%      0.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.53%      1.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::18              2      1.05%      2.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.53%      2.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::23              2      1.05%      3.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::24            119     62.63%     66.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::25             64     33.68%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::total          190                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat               1805989995150                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat          2975339680050                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat             220762182400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                   26178.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat              43128.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                     149.70                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       0.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                  149.81                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    0.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       1.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   1.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     8.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                    30.73                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits               60344698                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                  3843                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate              83.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                  1707923.40                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::IDLE 13779203626350                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::REF  320503546800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT  646864064850                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::0          1340199302.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::1          1299693427.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::2          1283135817.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::3          1324641427.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::0             904102704                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::1             876777312                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::2          865607496.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::3             893607312                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::0         8819122291.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::1         8551000473.599999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::2           8442100992                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::3           8713610880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::0        7302389.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::1        7139819.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::2        6858224.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::3        7173826.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::0       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::1       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::2       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::3       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::0      28757025676.799999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::1      28482341345.280003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::2      28369664493.120003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::3      28679483113.920002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::0      911969821872                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::1      912210773040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::2      912309612384.000122                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::3      912037841664.000122                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::0        1018357820972.160034                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::1        1017987972153.600098                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::2        1017837226143.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::3        1018216604959.680176                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::0          65.196091                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::1          65.172413                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::2          65.162762                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::3          65.187051                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst      1288448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data   1084388864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst       354816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data   1136015360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        80384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        16896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::total       2222149632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst      1288448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       354816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        80384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        16896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::total      1742592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::writebacks       860160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::total        860160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst         5033                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      4235894                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      4437560                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          314                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           66                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::total           8680272                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::writebacks         3360                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::total             3360                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        87373                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     73534988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        24061                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     77035903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         5451                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu5.data           87                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         1146                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu6.data           87                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst          139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.data           17                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::total           150689251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        87373                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        24061                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         5451                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1146                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          139                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::total         118169                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::writebacks         58329                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::total              58329                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::writebacks         58329                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        87373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     73534988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        24061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     77035903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         5451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu5.data           87                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         1146                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu6.data           87                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst          139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           17                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::total          150747580                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                   8680272                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                     3360                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                69442176                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                  26880                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM           2220717120                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ               1432512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                 84128                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys            2222149632                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys             860160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                44766                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts               24251                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            4                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0         8752241                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1         8542080                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2         8368181                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3         8568466                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4         9010422                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5         8552890                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6         8846813                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7         8756317                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0             628                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1             296                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2             506                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3             263                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4             224                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5             288                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6             224                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7             200                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                14746573150000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5            69442176                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5              26880                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0               8538953                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1               8545215                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2               8558824                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3               8563934                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4               8569841                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5               8574766                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6               8586719                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7               8592212                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                136455                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                129357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10               115749                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11               110638                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12               104730                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13                99805                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14                87853                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15                82359                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                  108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                  108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                  108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                  108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                  108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                  108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                  109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                  109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                  109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                  109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                  109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                  109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                  109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                  109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                  109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                  109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                  109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                  109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                  109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                  109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                  109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                  109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                  108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                  108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                   21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::samples      8695532                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.395673                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.901440                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.103861                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::32-63         7638      0.09%      0.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7862      0.09%      0.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::96-127         5084      0.06%      0.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::128-159          102      0.00%      0.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::160-191         5084      0.06%      0.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7862      0.09%      0.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::224-255         6775      0.08%      0.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::256-287      8655125     99.54%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::total      8695532                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::samples          109                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::mean 633626.798165                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  6614.447517                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 1071671.530047                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::0-131071           63     57.80%     57.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::131072-262143            4      3.67%     61.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::262144-393215            2      1.83%     63.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::393216-524287            3      2.75%     66.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::524288-655359            5      4.59%     70.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::655360-786431            3      2.75%     73.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::786432-917503            2      1.83%     75.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::917504-1.04858e+06            4      3.67%     78.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1.04858e+06-1.17965e+06            3      2.75%     81.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1.17965e+06-1.31072e+06            2      1.83%     83.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1.57286e+06-1.70394e+06            3      2.75%     86.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1.70394e+06-1.83501e+06            1      0.92%     87.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1.83501e+06-1.96608e+06            1      0.92%     88.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1.96608e+06-2.09715e+06            1      0.92%     88.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2.22822e+06-2.3593e+06            2      1.83%     90.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2.3593e+06-2.49037e+06            1      0.92%     91.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2.49037e+06-2.62144e+06            1      0.92%     92.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2.62144e+06-2.75251e+06            2      1.83%     94.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2.88358e+06-3.01466e+06            1      0.92%     95.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::3.14573e+06-3.2768e+06            1      0.92%     96.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::3.80109e+06-3.93216e+06            2      1.83%     98.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::4.45645e+06-4.58752e+06            1      0.92%     99.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::4.98074e+06-5.11181e+06            1      0.92%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::total          109                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::samples          109                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.119266                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.106489                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.741929                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.92%      0.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.92%      1.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::24             86     78.90%     80.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::25             21     19.27%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::total          109                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat               1816602240300                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat          2992888339800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat             222071712000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                   26176.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat              43126.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                     150.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       0.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                  150.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    0.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       1.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   1.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     8.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                    27.65                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits               60702313                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                  2194                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate              83.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                  1698203.37                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::IDLE 13775496671750                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::REF  320503546800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT  650572890950                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::0          1315620835.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::1          1288246982.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::2          1335886473.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::3          1339185052.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::0             887521992                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::1             869055504                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::2          901193256.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::3             903418488                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::0         8655530956.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::1           8476031616                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::2         8790039398.400002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::3         8809782259.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::0        7058534.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::1        6944901.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::2        6758277.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::3             7133184                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::0       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::1       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::2       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::3       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::0      28585235957.760002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::1      28399344402.240002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::2      28742702224.320004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::3      28776229879.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::0      912120514608                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::1      912283577376                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::2      911982386304.000122                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::3      911952976080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::0        1018131729620.160034                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::1        1017883447517.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::2        1018319212669.440063                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::3        1018348971679.680054                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::0          65.181617                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::1          65.165722                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::2          65.193620                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::3          65.195525                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst       370176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data   1069970176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst      1192960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data   1121464576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        30720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        12032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total       2193043200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       370176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst      1192960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        30720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        12032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::total      1606656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::writebacks      1598976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total       1598976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst         1446                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      4179571                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst         4660                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      4380721                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           47                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total           8566575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::writebacks         6246                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total             6246                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        25103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     72557222                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        80897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     76049180                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         2083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu5.data           35                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst          816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu6.data           69                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst           52                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.data           17                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total           148715475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        25103                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        80897                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2083                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst          816                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst           52                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::total         108951                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::writebacks        108430                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total             108430                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::writebacks        108430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        25103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     72557222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        80897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     76049180                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         2083                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu5.data           35                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst          816                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu6.data           69                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst           52                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           17                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total          148823905                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                   8566575                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                     6246                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                68532600                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                  49968                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM           2191667264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ               1375936                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten                311520                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys            2193043200                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys            1598976                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                42998                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts               40217                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0         8481537                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1         8623675                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2         8589269                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3         8524071                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4         8636906                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5         8519851                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6         8556048                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7         8558245                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0             207                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1             360                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2             200                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3            2900                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4            3003                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5             401                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6             184                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7            2480                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                14746592811000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5            68532600                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5              49968                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0               8428694                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1               8435716                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2               8449012                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3               8454021                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4               8459923                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5               8464521                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6               8476454                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7               8481760                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                132757                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                125451                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10               112152                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11               107144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12               101243                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13                96644                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14                84708                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15                79402                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                  388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                  388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                  389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                  391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                  391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                  392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                  393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                  395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                  397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                  401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                  401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                  401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                  401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                  401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                  402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                  402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                  401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                  401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                  401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                  400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                  400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                  399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                  397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                  395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                  224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::samples      8582127                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.412066                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.932891                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::stdev     9.955765                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::32-63         7238      0.08%      0.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7693      0.09%      0.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4777      0.06%      0.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::128-159          128      0.00%      0.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4778      0.06%      0.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7694      0.09%      0.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::224-255         6736      0.08%      0.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::256-287      8543083     99.55%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::total      8582127                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::samples          400                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::mean 169834.625000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 21999.061433                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 516417.984591                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::0-131071          353     88.25%     88.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::131072-262143            6      1.50%     89.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::262144-393215            6      1.50%     91.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::393216-524287            3      0.75%     92.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::524288-655359            2      0.50%     92.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::655360-786431            6      1.50%     94.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::786432-917503            2      0.50%     94.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::917504-1.04858e+06            2      0.50%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1.04858e+06-1.17965e+06            4      1.00%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1.17965e+06-1.31072e+06            3      0.75%     96.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1.31072e+06-1.44179e+06            3      0.75%     97.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1.57286e+06-1.70394e+06            1      0.25%     97.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1.70394e+06-1.83501e+06            1      0.25%     98.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2.22822e+06-2.3593e+06            1      0.25%     98.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2.3593e+06-2.49037e+06            1      0.25%     98.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2.49037e+06-2.62144e+06            1      0.25%     98.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2.62144e+06-2.75251e+06            1      0.25%     99.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::3.14573e+06-3.2768e+06            1      0.25%     99.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::3.80109e+06-3.93216e+06            1      0.25%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::4.1943e+06-4.32538e+06            1      0.25%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::4.45645e+06-4.58752e+06            1      0.25%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::total          400                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::samples          400                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.337500                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.289270                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.404823                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::16              6      1.50%      1.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::18              2      0.50%      2.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::19              3      0.75%      2.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.25%      3.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::22              3      0.75%      3.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::23              3      0.75%      4.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::24            167     41.75%     46.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::25            214     53.50%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.25%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::total          400                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat               1792460570900                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat          2953359324800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat             219166726400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                   26171.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat              43121.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                     148.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       0.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                  148.72                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    0.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       1.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   1.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     8.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                    32.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits               59909060                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                  8150                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate              83.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                  1720156.39                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::IDLE 13783502433350                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::REF  320503546800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT  642566784850                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::0          1301171558.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::1          1301669308.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::2          1305361612.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::3          1301944492.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::0             877774464                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::1             878110248                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::2             880601088                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::3             878295888                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::0         8562108172.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::1         8563614758.400001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::2           8586556992                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::3         8565334502.400001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::0        6927482.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::1        7659048.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::2        8120217.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::3        7650754.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::0       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::1       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::2       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::3       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::0      28482229661.760002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::1      28499914509.120003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::2      28547531688.960003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::3      28523182328.639999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::0      912210871008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::1      912195357984.000122                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::2      912153588528                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::3      912174947616                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::0        1018001329083.839966                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::1        1018006572593.280151                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::2        1018042006863.359985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::3        1018011602318.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::0          65.173268                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::1          65.173604                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::2          65.175873                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::3          65.173926                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst      1761536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data   1089317632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst      1252352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data   1142333696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        57600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::total       2234749440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst      1761536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst      1252352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        57600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        13312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::total      3086848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::writebacks      1966592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::total       1966592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst         6881                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      4255147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst         4892                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      4462241                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu5.data           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::total           8729490                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::writebacks         7682                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::total             7682                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       119454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     73869219                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        84925                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     77464364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst          903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst          139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.data           17                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::total           151543674                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       119454                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        84925                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3906                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst          903                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          139                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::total         209327                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::writebacks        133359                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::total             133359                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::writebacks        133359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       119454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     73869219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        84925                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     77464364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          625                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst          903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst          139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           17                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::total          151677033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                   8729490                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                     7682                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                69835920                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                  61456                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM           2233740864                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ               1008576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten               1258944                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys            2234749440                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys            1966592                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                31518                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts               22121                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           18                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0         8807144                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1         8511899                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2         8982990                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3         8651184                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4         8786296                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5         8586144                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6         8661693                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7         8817052                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0           13383                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1             240                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2           13630                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3             216                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4             240                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5             264                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6             264                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7           11105                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                14746569934000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5            69835920                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5              61456                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0               8589126                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1               8595417                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2               8609115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3               8614400                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4               8620335                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5               8625237                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6               8637704                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7               8643217                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                137421                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                130009                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10               116297                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11               111008                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12               105069                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13               100164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14                87700                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15                82183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                 1566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                 1566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                 1568                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                 1572                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                 1575                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                 1579                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                 1587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                 1593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                 1600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                 1608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                 1608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                 1608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                 1608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                 1608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                 1608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                 1608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                 1609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                 1609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                 1606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                 1605                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                 1602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                 1600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                 1595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                 1590                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                 1057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::samples      8752302                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.361368                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.812535                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.504972                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::32-63         9420      0.11%      0.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7777      0.09%      0.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4840      0.06%      0.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::128-159          142      0.00%      0.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4839      0.06%      0.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7772      0.09%      0.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::224-255         7241      0.08%      0.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::256-287      8710271     99.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::total      8752302                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1609                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::mean 42632.234929                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 29101.038570                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 16553.410523                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047          124      7.71%      7.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095           56      3.48%     11.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143            6      0.37%     11.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::6144-8191            1      0.06%     11.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::10240-12287            1      0.06%     11.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::14336-16383            1      0.06%     11.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::16384-18431            1      0.06%     11.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::24576-26623            8      0.50%     12.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::26624-28671           16      0.99%     13.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::28672-30719           16      0.99%     14.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::30720-32767           27      1.68%     15.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::32768-34815           35      2.18%     18.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::34816-36863           40      2.49%     20.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::36864-38911           44      2.73%     23.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::38912-40959           46      2.86%     26.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::40960-43007           56      3.48%     29.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::43008-45055           61      3.79%     33.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::45056-47103           73      4.54%     38.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::47104-49151          110      6.84%     44.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::49152-51199          286     17.78%     62.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::51200-53247          418     25.98%     88.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::53248-55295          164     10.19%     98.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::55296-57343           11      0.68%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::67584-69631            1      0.06%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::86016-88063            1      0.06%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::90112-92159            1      0.06%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::92160-94207            1      0.06%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::98304-100351            1      0.06%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::100352-102399            1      0.06%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::102400-104447            1      0.06%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::104448-106495            1      0.06%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::total         1609                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1609                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.451212                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.411472                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.266783                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::16             15      0.93%      0.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::17              4      0.25%      1.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::18             10      0.62%      1.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::19              8      0.50%      2.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::20              4      0.25%      2.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::21              7      0.44%      2.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::22              7      0.44%      3.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::23              6      0.37%      3.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::24            517     32.13%     35.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::25           1031     64.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::total         1609                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat               1827468743800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat          3010653357700                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat             223374086400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                   26179.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat              43129.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                     151.48                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       0.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                  151.54                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    0.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       1.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   1.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     8.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                    31.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits               61058495                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                 32947                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate              83.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                  1687796.68                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::IDLE 13769105419450                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::REF  320503546800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT  656961569750                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::0            1319132304                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::1          1342532620.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::2          1321183785.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::3          1329939475.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::0             889890840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::1             905676768                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::2          891274776.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::3             897181392                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::0         8668709337.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::1         8823765350.400002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::2           8694366720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::3           8745662016                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::0        12364876.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::1        12132218.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::2             6552576                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::3        11330979.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::0       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::1       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::2       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::3       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::0      28687032777.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::1      28860991269.120003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::2      28636423070.399998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::3      28714740030.720001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::0      912031219152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::1      911878623984.000122                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::2      912075613632                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::3      912006914544.000122                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::0        1018168596024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::1        1018383968947.200073                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::2        1018185661296                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::3        1018266015173.760132                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::0          65.183977                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::1          65.197765                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::2          65.185070                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::3          65.190214                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       532992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        58112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data   1076839424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       222208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        49920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data   1130998528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        53760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        11776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total       2208770048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        58112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        49920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        53760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        11776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::total       174848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::writebacks       869888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total        869888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2082                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      4206404                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          868                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          195                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      4417963                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           46                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total           8628008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::writebacks         3398                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total             3398                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        36143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         3941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     73023042                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        15068                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         3385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     76695700                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3646                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu5.data           69                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst          799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu6.data           35                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst           87                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.data           35                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total           149781950                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3941                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         3385                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3646                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst          799                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst           87                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::total          11857                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::writebacks         58989                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total              58989                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::writebacks         58989                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        36143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         3941                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     73023042                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        15068                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         3385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     76695700                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3646                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu5.data           69                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst          799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu6.data           35                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst           87                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           35                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total          149840939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                   8628008                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                     3398                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                69024064                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                  27184                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM           2207196512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ               1573536                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                102336                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys            2208770048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys             869888                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                49173                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts               23986                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            4                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0         8597698                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1         8963159                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2         8290802                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3         8527544                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4         8649197                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5         8801633                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6         8477240                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7         8667618                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0             352                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1             457                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2             239                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3             635                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4             192                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5             336                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6             352                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7             635                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                14746581065000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5            69024064                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5              27184                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0               8488285                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1               8494605                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2               8508122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3               8513390                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4               8519311                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5               8524083                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6               8536035                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7               8541440                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                134231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                127161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10               113645                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11               108377                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12               102452                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13                97679                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14                85729                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15                80322                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                  130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                  130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                  131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                  131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                  131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                  132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                  132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                  133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                  133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                  133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                  133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                  133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                  133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                  133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                  133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                  133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                  133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                  133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                  132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                  132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                  132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                  131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                  131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                  130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                   30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::samples      8642197                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.409458                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.924152                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::stdev     9.999226                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::32-63         7452      0.09%      0.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7882      0.09%      0.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4641      0.05%      0.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::128-159          118      0.00%      0.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4641      0.05%      0.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7882      0.09%      0.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::224-255         6667      0.08%      0.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::256-287      8602914     99.55%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::total      8642197                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::samples          133                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::mean 510393.045113                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  6505.411110                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 906167.144772                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::0-65535           80     60.15%     60.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::65536-131071            9      6.77%     66.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::131072-196607            3      2.26%     69.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::196608-262143            1      0.75%     69.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::327680-393215            1      0.75%     70.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::393216-458751            1      0.75%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::524288-589823            2      1.50%     72.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::589824-655359            2      1.50%     74.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::655360-720895            2      1.50%     75.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::720896-786431            2      1.50%     77.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::786432-851967            1      0.75%     78.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::917504-983039            2      1.50%     79.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1.04858e+06-1.11411e+06            3      2.26%     81.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1.17965e+06-1.24518e+06            1      0.75%     82.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1.37626e+06-1.44179e+06            2      1.50%     84.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1.44179e+06-1.50733e+06            1      0.75%     84.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1.50733e+06-1.57286e+06            2      1.50%     86.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1.57286e+06-1.6384e+06            1      0.75%     87.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1.70394e+06-1.76947e+06            1      0.75%     87.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1.76947e+06-1.83501e+06            1      0.75%     88.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1.90054e+06-1.96608e+06            2      1.50%     90.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1.96608e+06-2.03162e+06            1      0.75%     90.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2.09715e+06-2.16269e+06            1      0.75%     91.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2.16269e+06-2.22822e+06            1      0.75%     92.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2.49037e+06-2.5559e+06            2      1.50%     93.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2.5559e+06-2.62144e+06            1      0.75%     94.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2.62144e+06-2.68698e+06            1      0.75%     95.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2.81805e+06-2.88358e+06            1      0.75%     96.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2.88358e+06-2.94912e+06            1      0.75%     96.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2.94912e+06-3.01466e+06            1      0.75%     97.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::3.14573e+06-3.21126e+06            1      0.75%     98.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::3.67002e+06-3.73555e+06            1      0.75%     99.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::3.80109e+06-3.86662e+06            1      0.75%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::total          133                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::samples          133                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.045113                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.018097                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.065041                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::18              3      2.26%      2.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.75%      3.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.75%      3.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::24             99     74.44%     78.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::25             29     21.80%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::total          133                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat               1804954060950                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat          2974078463400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat             220719651200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                   26168.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat              43118.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                     149.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       0.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                  149.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    0.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       1.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   1.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     8.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                    26.75                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits               60333218                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                  2674                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate              83.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                  1708479.60                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::IDLE 13779390001550                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::REF  320503546800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT  646679216650                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::0          1335499401.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::1          1279140508.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::2          1327259606.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::3          1304599564.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::0          900932136.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::1             862912248                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::2             895373544                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::3             880087008                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::0           8788221312                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::1         8416420147.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::2         8733765580.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::3         8582089651.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::0        6851589.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::1        6693166.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::2        6725099.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::3        7094615.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::0       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::1       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::2       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::3       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::0      28718505696.960003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::1      28333126964.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::2      28677008784.960003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::3      28538410029.120003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::0      912003611328                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::1      912341662848                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::2      912040012128                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::3      912161589984.000122                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::0        1018313868199.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::1        1017800202618.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::2        1018240391479.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::3        1018034117588.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::0          65.193277                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::1          65.160392                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::2          65.188573                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::3          65.175368                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        51968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst      1013248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data   1097428480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst      1157632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data   1147815168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        58368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        18432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::total       2247552768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst      1013248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst      1157632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        58368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        18432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::total      2250240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::writebacks      1920256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::total       1920256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          203                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst         3958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      4286830                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst         4522                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      4483653                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu6.data           20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::total           8779503                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::writebacks         7501                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::total             7501                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3524                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.itb.walker           17                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        68711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     74419235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.itb.walker           17                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        78502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     77836076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu5.data           35                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         1250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          347                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst          174                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.data           35                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::total           152411898                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        68711                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        78502                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3958                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1250                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          174                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::total         152594                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::writebacks        130217                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::total             130217                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::writebacks        130217                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3524                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.itb.walker           17                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        68711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     74419235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.itb.walker           17                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        78502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     77836076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu5.data           35                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         1250                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst          174                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           35                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::total          152542115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                   8779503                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                     7501                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                70236024                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                  60008                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM           2246570464                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                982304                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten               1201792                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys            2247552768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys            1920256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                30697                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts               22451                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           11                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0         8887596                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1         8739306                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2         8753590                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3         8803035                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4         8929032                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5         8757940                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6         8592023                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7         8742805                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0           12567                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1           12334                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2           11368                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3             247                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4             224                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5             248                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6             352                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7             216                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                14746573184000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5            70236024                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5              60008                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0               8637995                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1               8644695                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2               8658420                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3               8663858                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4               8669923                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5               8674854                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6               8687288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7               8692599                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                138696                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                130833                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10               117096                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11               111658                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12               105591                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13               100659                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14                88259                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15                82903                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                 1491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                 1491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                 1495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                 1502                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                 1502                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                 1505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                 1508                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                 1515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                 1519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                 1534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                 1534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                 1534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                 1534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                 1534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                 1534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                 1534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                 1535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                 1534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                 1531                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                 1529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                 1528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                 1526                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                 1525                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                 1521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                 1062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::samples      8802141                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.366536                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.822800                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.462252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::32-63         9295      0.11%      0.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7991      0.09%      0.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4696      0.05%      0.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::128-159          158      0.00%      0.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4698      0.05%      0.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7985      0.09%      0.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::224-255         7058      0.08%      0.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::256-287      8760260     99.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::total      8802141                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1534                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::mean 44925.860495                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 34384.129796                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 13609.033467                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023           63      4.11%      4.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047           16      1.04%      5.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071           17      1.11%      6.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095            4      0.26%      6.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            1      0.07%      6.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::10240-11263            1      0.07%      6.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::11264-12287            1      0.07%      6.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::12288-13311            1      0.07%      6.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            1      0.07%      6.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      0.07%      6.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::24576-25599            3      0.20%      7.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::25600-26623            3      0.20%      7.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::26624-27647           11      0.72%      8.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::27648-28671           13      0.85%      8.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::28672-29695           11      0.72%      9.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::29696-30719           15      0.98%     10.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::30720-31743           13      0.85%     11.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::31744-32767            9      0.59%     11.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::32768-33791           16      1.04%     13.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::33792-34815           21      1.37%     14.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::34816-35839           13      0.85%     15.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::35840-36863           14      0.91%     16.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::36864-37887           20      1.30%     17.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::37888-38911           17      1.11%     18.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::38912-39935           27      1.76%     20.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::39936-40959           25      1.63%     21.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::40960-41983           22      1.43%     23.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::41984-43007           43      2.80%     26.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::43008-44031           34      2.22%     28.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::44032-45055           24      1.56%     29.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::45056-46079           23      1.50%     31.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::46080-47103           38      2.48%     33.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::47104-48127           42      2.74%     36.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::48128-49151           60      3.91%     40.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::49152-50175           80      5.22%     45.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::50176-51199          130      8.47%     54.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::51200-52223          217     14.15%     68.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::52224-53247          226     14.73%     83.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::53248-54271          155     10.10%     93.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::54272-55295           77      5.02%     98.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::55296-56319           19      1.24%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::56320-57343            6      0.39%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::57344-58367            1      0.07%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::total         1534                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1534                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.482399                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.440855                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.288472                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::16             18      1.17%      1.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::17              2      0.13%      1.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::18             11      0.72%      2.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::19              5      0.33%      2.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      0.13%      2.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::21              3      0.20%      2.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::22              9      0.59%      3.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::23              6      0.39%      3.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::24            448     29.20%     32.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::25           1030     67.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::total         1534                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat               1837981104550                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat          3027961397200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat             224657046400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                   26180.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat              43130.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                     152.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       0.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                  152.41                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    0.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       1.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   1.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     8.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                    31.77                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits               61409282                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                 31460                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate              83.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                  1678225.39                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::IDLE 13765505009350                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::REF  320503546800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT  660564451850                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::0          1343754921.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::1            1336121136                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::2          1344969964.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::3          1318537180.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::0          906501336.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::1             901351560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::2             907321008                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::3             889489368                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::0         8821475020.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::1         8786604902.400002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::2         8850702182.400002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::3         8675857881.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::0        17214612.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::1        11519262.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::2        6695239.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::3        6758277.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::0       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::1       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::2       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::3       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::0       28928197224                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::1      28740455092.799999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::2      28807627723.200001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::3      28632607280.639999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::0      911819671392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::1      911984357472                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::2      911925434112                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::3      912078960816                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::0        1018397061242.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::1        1018320656161.920044                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::2        1018402996966.079956                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::3        1018162457540.160034                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::0          65.198604                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::1          65.193712                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::2          65.198984                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::3          65.183584                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst      1565440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data   1088946688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst       147968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data   1139221248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        40192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total       2229948672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst      1565440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       147968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        40192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         9216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::total      1763840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::writebacks      1929472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total       1929472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst         6115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      4253698                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          578                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      4450083                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          157                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu5.data           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total           8710737                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::writebacks         7537                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total             7537                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          365                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.itb.walker           17                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       106156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     73844064                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          365                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.itb.walker           17                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        10034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     77253302                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         2726                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst          625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst           69                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total           151218122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       106156                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        10034                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2726                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst          625                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst           69                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::total         119610                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::writebacks        130842                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total             130842                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::writebacks        130842                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.itb.walker           17                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       106156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     73844064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.itb.walker           17                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        10034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     77253302                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         2726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst          625                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst           69                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total          151348964                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                   8710737                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                     7537                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                69685896                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                  60296                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM           2228924160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ               1024512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten               1228448                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys            2229948672                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys            1929472                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                32016                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts               21890                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           18                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0         8589922                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1         8702192                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2         8838431                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3         8516158                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4         8985886                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5         8775074                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6         8624363                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7         8621854                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0             199                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1           13250                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2           12771                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3           11273                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4             224                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5             272                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6             208                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7             192                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                14746573109000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5            69685896                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5              60296                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0               8569900                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1               8576420                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2               8589782                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3               8595026                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4               8600821                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5               8605794                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6               8618531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7               8624244                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                137886                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                130188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10               116815                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11               111561                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12               105759                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13               100784                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14                88045                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15                82324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                 1525                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                 1525                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                 1526                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                 1528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                 1528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                 1530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                 1544                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                 1555                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                 1562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                 1576                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                 1576                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                 1576                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                 1576                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                 1576                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                 1576                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                 1576                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                 1576                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                 1575                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                 1573                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                 1573                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                 1572                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                 1570                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                 1561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                 1556                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                  995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::samples      8733761                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.348481                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.788668                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.607558                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::32-63         9654      0.11%      0.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7706      0.09%      0.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::96-127         5060      0.06%      0.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::128-159          165      0.00%      0.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::160-191         5047      0.06%      0.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7692      0.09%      0.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::224-255         7520      0.09%      0.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::256-287      8690917     99.51%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::total      8733761                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1575                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::mean 43461.977778                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 31871.285172                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 14911.066482                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047          102      6.48%      6.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095           33      2.10%      8.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143            6      0.38%      8.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::8192-10239            2      0.13%      9.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::12288-14335            1      0.06%      9.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::14336-16383            1      0.06%      9.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::16384-18431            2      0.13%      9.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::20480-22527            1      0.06%      9.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::22528-24575            1      0.06%      9.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::24576-26623            7      0.44%      9.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::26624-28671           20      1.27%     11.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::28672-30719           21      1.33%     12.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::30720-32767           31      1.97%     14.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::32768-34815           29      1.84%     16.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::34816-36863           42      2.67%     18.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::36864-38911           46      2.92%     21.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::38912-40959           43      2.73%     24.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::40960-43007           59      3.75%     28.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::43008-45055           69      4.38%     32.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::45056-47103           76      4.83%     37.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::47104-49151           94      5.97%     43.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::49152-51199          261     16.57%     60.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::51200-53247          452     28.70%     88.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::53248-55295          159     10.10%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::55296-57343           16      1.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::71680-73727            1      0.06%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::total         1575                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1575                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.373968                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.325418                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.396295                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::16             18      1.14%      1.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::17              3      0.19%      1.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::18             20      1.27%      2.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::19              9      0.57%      3.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::20              1      0.06%      3.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::21              2      0.13%      3.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::22             12      0.76%      4.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::23              5      0.32%      4.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::24            547     34.73%     39.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::25            958     60.83%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::total         1575                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat               1823536742100                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat          3004170008100                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat             222892416000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                   26179.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat              43129.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                     151.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       0.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                  151.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    0.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       1.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   1.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     8.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                    31.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits               60926362                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                 32146                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate              83.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                  1691455.57                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::IDLE 13770582576300                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::REF  320503546800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT  655486985900                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::0          1316974377.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::1          1322230089.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::2          1350597628.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::3          1311804547.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::0          888435096.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::1          891980616.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::2             911117448                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::3             884947512                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::0           8653060416                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::1         8684831001.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::2         8887647475.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::3         8632117977.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::0        12153784.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::1        16315084.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::2        6758277.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::3             6718464                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::0       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::1       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::2       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::3       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::0      28698899192.639999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::1      28687271630.399998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::2      28842884858.880001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::3      28581695300.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::0      912020810016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::1      912031009632                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::2      911894506800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::3      912123620448                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::0        1018150579618.560059                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::1        1018193884790.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::2        1018453759224                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::3        1018101150984.960083                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::0          65.182824                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::1          65.185596                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::2          65.202233                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::3          65.179659                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       266496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst      2285312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data   1112948224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       111104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst      1574656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data   1162918144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        57344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        27136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        14336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::total       2280211456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst      2285312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst      1574656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        57344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        14336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::total      3933184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::writebacks      2351616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::total       2351616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1041                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst         8927                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      4347454                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          434                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst         6151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      4542649                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          224                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          106                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           56                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu6.data           20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::total           8907076                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::writebacks         9186                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::total             9186                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        18072                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       154972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     75471666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         7534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       106781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     78860245                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           17                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         1840                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           35                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst          972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          347                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst          104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.data           87                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::total           154626561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       154972                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       106781                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3889                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst          972                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          104                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::total         266719                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::writebacks        159469                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::total             159469                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::writebacks        159469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        18072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       154972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     75471666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         7534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       106781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     78860245                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           17                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         1840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           35                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst          972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst          104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           87                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::total          154786030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                   8907076                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                     9186                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                71256608                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                  73488                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM           2279074144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ               1137312                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten               1749024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys            2280211456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys            2351616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                35541                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts               18822                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           40                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0         9007872                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1         8608714                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2         9055227                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3         9231854                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4         8628556                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5         8864416                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6         8984435                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7         8839993                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0           17081                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1             239                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2           17544                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3           10212                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4             256                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5             216                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6             256                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7            8853                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                14746569154000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5            71256608                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5              73488                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0               8759301                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1               8765694                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2               8779939                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3               8785439                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4               8791721                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5               8796971                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6               8809629                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7               8815813                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                144419                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                136795                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10               122597                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11               117030                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12               110745                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13               105492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14                92830                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15                86648                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                 2191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                 2191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                 2196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                 2202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                 2206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                 2210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                 2221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                 2243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                 2254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                 2268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                 2268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                 2268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                 2268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                 2268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                 2268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                 2268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                 2268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                 2266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                 2259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                 2253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                 2250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                 2246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                 2237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                 2222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                  875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::samples      8932977                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.326211                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.739500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.815071                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::32-63        10621      0.12%      0.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::64-95         8013      0.09%      0.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::96-127         5069      0.06%      0.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::128-159          166      0.00%      0.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::160-191         5064      0.06%      0.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::192-223         8002      0.09%      0.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::224-255         8462      0.09%      0.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::256-287      8887580     99.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::total      8932977                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2266                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::mean 30887.891439                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 12901.531042                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 22841.036929                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023          186      8.21%      8.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047          374     16.50%     24.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071          198      8.74%     33.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095           51      2.25%     35.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::4096-5119            7      0.31%     36.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            2      0.09%     36.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::6144-7167            1      0.04%     36.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::7168-8191            1      0.04%     36.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239            1      0.04%     36.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::10240-11263            1      0.04%     36.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::11264-12287            2      0.09%     36.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::12288-13311            1      0.04%     36.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::14336-15359            1      0.04%     36.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            2      0.09%     36.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::18432-19455            1      0.04%     36.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::19456-20479            1      0.04%     36.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::20480-21503            4      0.18%     36.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22527            2      0.09%     36.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23551            2      0.09%     36.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::24576-25599            4      0.18%     37.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::25600-26623           11      0.49%     37.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::26624-27647           13      0.57%     38.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::27648-28671            7      0.31%     38.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::28672-29695           13      0.57%     39.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::29696-30719            9      0.40%     39.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::30720-31743            7      0.31%     39.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::31744-32767           14      0.62%     40.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::32768-33791           18      0.79%     41.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::33792-34815           19      0.84%     42.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::34816-35839           23      1.02%     43.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::35840-36863           18      0.79%     43.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::36864-37887           21      0.93%     44.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::37888-38911           21      0.93%     45.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::38912-39935           22      0.97%     46.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::39936-40959           24      1.06%     47.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::40960-41983           28      1.24%     48.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::41984-43007           29      1.28%     50.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::43008-44031           33      1.46%     51.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::44032-45055           30      1.32%     53.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::45056-46079           32      1.41%     54.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::46080-47103           40      1.77%     56.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::47104-48127           42      1.85%     58.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::48128-49151           49      2.16%     60.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::49152-50175           66      2.91%     63.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::50176-51199          142      6.27%     69.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::51200-52223          244     10.77%     80.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::52224-53247          267     11.78%     91.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::53248-54271          140      6.18%     98.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::54272-55295           36      1.59%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::55296-56319            6      0.26%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::total         2266                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2266                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.120477                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.071806                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.400427                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::16             23      1.02%      1.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::17             15      0.66%      1.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::18             24      1.06%      2.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::19             10      0.44%      3.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::20              5      0.22%      3.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::21             10      0.44%      3.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::22             15      0.66%      4.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::23             16      0.71%      5.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::24           1303     57.50%     62.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::25            844     37.25%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::total         2266                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat               1865670220600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat          3072867306250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat             227907414400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                   26195.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat              43145.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                     154.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       0.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                  154.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    0.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       1.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   1.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     8.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                    30.21                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits               62297059                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                 45688                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate              83.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                  1653895.90                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::IDLE 13754875719950                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::REF  320503546800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT  671191422250                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::0          1341679852.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::1          1393242076.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::2          1330667654.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::3          1357009113.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::0             905101488                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::1             939885528                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::2             897672624                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::3          915442656.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::0         8815860518.400002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::1         9150639014.400002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::2         8755648012.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::3           8920636608                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::0        13865333.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::1        17911342.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::2        6834585.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::3        10343531.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::0       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::1       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::2       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::3       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::0       28845650736                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::1      29229633944.639999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::2      28709040942.720001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::3      28961091550.080002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::0      911892080592                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::1      911555253216                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::2      912011913744.000122                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::3      911790816720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::0        1018374485256.959961                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::1        1018846811857.920044                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::2        1018272024299.520142                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::3        1018515586915.199951                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::0          65.197158                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::1          65.227397                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::2          65.190599                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::3          65.206192                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst       176640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data   1086193664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst      2219264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data   1136004096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        76032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        18432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::total       2224697600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       176640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst      2219264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        76032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        18432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::total      2491648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::writebacks       912640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::total        912640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          690                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      4242944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst         8669                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      4437516                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          297                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu5.data           20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu6.data           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::total           8690225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::writebacks         3565                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::total             3565                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        11978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     73657375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       150494                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     77035139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         5156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          347                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         1250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst           87                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::total           150862035                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        11978                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       150494                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         5156                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1250                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst           87                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::total         168965                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::writebacks         61888                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::total              61888                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::writebacks         61888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        11978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     73657375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       150494                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     77035139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         5156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         1250                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst           87                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::total          150923923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                   8690225                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                     3565                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                69521800                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                  28520                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM           2223305312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ               1392288                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                114624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys            2224697600                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys             912640                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                43509                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts               24946                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0         8695366                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1         8437376                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2         8551937                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3         8965681                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4         8659810                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5         8735738                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6         8671023                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7         8761360                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0            1051                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1             304                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2             713                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3             216                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4             339                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5             503                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6             216                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7             240                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                14746570120000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5            69521800                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5              28520                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0               8549436                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1               8555702                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2               8569130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3               8574403                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4               8580219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5               8585104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6               8597356                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7               8602783                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                136285                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                128963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10               115538                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11               110263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12               104445                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13                99561                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14                87310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15                81793                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                  144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                  144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                  145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                  145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                  146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                  146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                  147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                  148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                  148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                  148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                  148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                  148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                  148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                  148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                  148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                  148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                  149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                  149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                  148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                  148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                  147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                  147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                  146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                  145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                   46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::samples      8705827                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.394454                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.888659                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.158482                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::32-63         8185      0.09%      0.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7690      0.09%      0.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4783      0.05%      0.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::128-159          126      0.00%      0.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4782      0.05%      0.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7690      0.09%      0.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::224-255         7163      0.08%      0.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::256-287      8665408     99.54%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::total      8705827                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::samples          149                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::mean 464351.644295                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  8645.230593                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 918404.850442                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::0-65535           80     53.69%     53.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::65536-131071            9      6.04%     59.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::131072-196607           14      9.40%     69.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::196608-262143            3      2.01%     71.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::262144-327679            3      2.01%     73.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::327680-393215            1      0.67%     73.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::393216-458751            3      2.01%     75.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::458752-524287            2      1.34%     77.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::524288-589823            3      2.01%     79.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::589824-655359            6      4.03%     83.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::655360-720895            2      1.34%     84.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::720896-786431            1      0.67%     85.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::786432-851967            1      0.67%     85.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1.04858e+06-1.11411e+06            1      0.67%     86.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1.31072e+06-1.37626e+06            1      0.67%     87.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1.37626e+06-1.44179e+06            1      0.67%     87.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1.44179e+06-1.50733e+06            1      0.67%     88.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1.57286e+06-1.6384e+06            1      0.67%     89.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1.83501e+06-1.90054e+06            2      1.34%     90.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1.90054e+06-1.96608e+06            1      0.67%     91.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1.96608e+06-2.03162e+06            1      0.67%     91.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2.42483e+06-2.49037e+06            1      0.67%     92.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2.49037e+06-2.5559e+06            1      0.67%     93.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2.62144e+06-2.68698e+06            1      0.67%     93.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2.88358e+06-2.94912e+06            1      0.67%     94.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2.94912e+06-3.01466e+06            1      0.67%     95.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::3.14573e+06-3.21126e+06            1      0.67%     95.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::3.2768e+06-3.34234e+06            2      1.34%     97.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::3.40787e+06-3.47341e+06            1      0.67%     97.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::3.47341e+06-3.53894e+06            1      0.67%     98.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::3.86662e+06-3.93216e+06            1      0.67%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::3.9977e+06-4.06323e+06            1      0.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::total          149                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::samples          149                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.040268                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.998034                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.314571                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.67%      0.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.67%      1.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.67%      2.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.67%      2.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      1.34%      4.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.67%      4.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::23              2      1.34%      6.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::24             96     64.43%     70.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::25             44     29.53%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::total          149                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat               1818546575050                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat          2996203607500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat             222330531200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                   26174.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat              43124.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                     150.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       0.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                  150.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    0.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       1.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   1.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     8.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                    27.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits               60773055                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                  2991                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate              83.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                  1696218.81                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::IDLE 13774663168950                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::REF  320503546800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT  651403517250                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::0          1303448630.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::1            1332504432                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::2          1323385862.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::3          1326233260.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::0             879310584                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::1             898911720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::2             892760304                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::3             894681168                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::0           8575437312                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::1         8767590374.400002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::2           8706504768                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::3         8725136409.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::0        7197465.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::1        7004620.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::2        7074708.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::3        6851174.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::0       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::1       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::2       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::3       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::0      28499946848.639999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::1       28705987512                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::2      28657274126.399998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::3      28682252328.960003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::0      912195329616                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::1      912014592192                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::2      912057323232                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::3      912035412528                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::0        1018020917192.640015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::1        1018286837587.199951                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::2        1018204569737.280029                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::3        1018230813605.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::0          65.174522                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::1          65.191547                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::2          65.186280                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::3          65.187960                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        51200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst      1619968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data   1102660096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        45824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst      1345792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data   1156350208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        49664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         6400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        13568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total       2262149888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst      1619968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst      1345792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        49664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        13568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::total      3030016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::writebacks      1619968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total       1619968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst         6328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      4307266                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst         5257                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      4516993                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu5.data           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu6.data           20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total           8836523                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::writebacks         6328                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total             6328                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3472                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       109854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     74774003                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        91261                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     78414857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          434                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst          920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          347                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst           69                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.data           69                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total           153401763                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       109854                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        91261                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3368                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst          920                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst           69                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::total         205473                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::writebacks        109854                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total             109854                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::writebacks        109854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       109854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     74774003                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        91261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     78414857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          434                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst          920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst           69                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           69                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total          153511617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                   8836523                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                     6328                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                70692184                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                  50624                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM           2260779616                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ               1370272                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten                383552                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys            2262149888                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys            1619968                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                42821                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts               38622                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           20                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0         8774979                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1         8845657                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2         8514453                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3         8818799                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4         8461568                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5         9205444                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6         8913216                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7         9115247                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0             384                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1            3859                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2             176                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3            3430                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4             248                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5             561                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6             216                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7            3112                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                14746582285000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5            70692184                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5              50624                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0               8689127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1               8696444                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2               8710590                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3               8716236                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4               8722462                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5               8727502                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6               8740059                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7               8745878                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                142356                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                134688                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10               120541                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11               114894                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12               108663                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13               103620                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14                91062                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15                85241                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                  481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                  481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                  482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                  482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                  484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                  486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                  486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                  486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                  490                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                  494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                  494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                  494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                  494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                  494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                  494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                  494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                  493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                  493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                  492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                  492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                  490                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                  488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                  488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                  488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                  262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::samples      8852984                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.412544                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.929638                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::stdev     9.969291                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::32-63         7681      0.09%      0.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7799      0.09%      0.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4842      0.05%      0.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::128-159          135      0.00%      0.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4847      0.05%      0.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7797      0.09%      0.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::224-255         7077      0.08%      0.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::256-287      8812806     99.55%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::total      8852984                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::samples          493                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::mean 142390.087221                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 24509.373089                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 369888.577599                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::0-65535          409     82.96%     82.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::65536-131071           14      2.84%     85.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::131072-196607            7      1.42%     87.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::196608-262143            5      1.01%     88.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::262144-327679            7      1.42%     89.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::327680-393215            3      0.61%     90.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::393216-458751            5      1.01%     91.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::458752-524287            7      1.42%     92.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::524288-589823            5      1.01%     93.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::589824-655359            2      0.41%     94.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::655360-720895            2      0.41%     94.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::720896-786431            4      0.81%     95.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::786432-851967            3      0.61%     95.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::851968-917503            1      0.20%     96.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::917504-983039            1      0.20%     96.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::983040-1.04858e+06            2      0.41%     96.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1.04858e+06-1.11411e+06            1      0.20%     96.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1.11411e+06-1.17965e+06            2      0.41%     97.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1.24518e+06-1.31072e+06            2      0.41%     97.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1.31072e+06-1.37626e+06            3      0.61%     98.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1.57286e+06-1.6384e+06            1      0.20%     98.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1.6384e+06-1.70394e+06            1      0.20%     98.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1.70394e+06-1.76947e+06            1      0.20%     98.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2.16269e+06-2.22822e+06            1      0.20%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2.22822e+06-2.29376e+06            1      0.20%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2.49037e+06-2.5559e+06            1      0.20%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2.68698e+06-2.75251e+06            1      0.20%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::4.06323e+06-4.12877e+06            1      0.20%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::total          493                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::samples          493                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.312373                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.268213                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.326630                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::16              8      1.62%      1.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.20%      1.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::20              5      1.01%      2.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::21              3      0.61%      3.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.20%      3.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::24            220     44.62%     48.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::25            255     51.72%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::total          493                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat               1849641034650                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat          3047147737500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat             226077961600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                   26180.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat              43130.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                     153.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       0.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                  153.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    0.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       1.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   1.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     8.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                    31.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits               61798336                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                 10029                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate              83.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                  1667627.59                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::IDLE 13763317285500                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::REF  320503546800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT  662752479700                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::0            1340363808                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::1          1318871635.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::2          1343858947.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::3          1371185625.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::0             904213680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::1             889714992                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::2             906571512                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::3          925006176.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::0         8817159436.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::1         8675772019.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::2         8842491340.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::3         9021590822.400002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::0        8471900.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::1        8280299.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::2        7014159.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::3        8058839.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::0       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::1       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::2       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::3       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::0      28778672033.280003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::1      28628639752.320004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::2      28801270244.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::3      29003458291.200001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::0      911950833840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::1      912082441104.000122                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::2      911931010848                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::3      911753652912                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::0        1018359961434.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::1        1018163966538.240112                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::2        1018392463787.520020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::3        1018643199402.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::0          65.196228                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::1          65.183681                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::2          65.198309                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::3          65.214361                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       248832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst      1337088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data   1087484416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       506368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst       241664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data   1139785472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        40448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        17408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::total       2229665280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst      1337088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       241664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        40448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        17408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::total      1639168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::writebacks       812800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::total        812800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          972                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst         5223                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      4247986                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      4452287                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          158                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           68                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::total           8709630                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::writebacks         3175                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::total             3175                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        16874                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        90671                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     73744904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        34338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        16388                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     77291563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         2743                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu5.data           35                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         1180                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu6.data           35                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst          174                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::total           151198905                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        90671                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        16388                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2743                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1180                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          174                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::total         111156                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::writebacks         55118                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::total              55118                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::writebacks         55118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        16874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        90671                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     73744904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        34338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        16388                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     77291563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         2743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu5.data           35                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         1180                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu6.data           35                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst          174                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::total          151254023                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                   8709630                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                     3175                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                69677040                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                  25400                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM           2227807392                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ               1857888                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten                 77216                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys            2229665280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys             812800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                58059                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts               22987                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            3                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0         8625557                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1         8722064                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2         8767330                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3         8716288                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4         8648452                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5         8973370                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6         8720378                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7         8445542                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0             595                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1             192                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2             329                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3             240                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4             263                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5             281                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6             297                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7             216                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                14746570457000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5            69677040                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5              25400                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0               8566302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1               8571803                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2               8585716                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3               8591000                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4               8596895                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5               8601736                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6               8614436                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7               8620061                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                137543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                130359                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10               116448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11               111162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12               105267                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13               100425                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14                87726                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15                82102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                   99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                   99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                   99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                   99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                   99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                   99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                   99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                   99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                  100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                  100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                  100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                  100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                  100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                  100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                  100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                  100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                  100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                  100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                  100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                  100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                  100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                  100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                  100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                  100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                   21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::samples      8723262                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.395815                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.885820                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.177253                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::32-63         8415      0.10%      0.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7566      0.09%      0.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4755      0.05%      0.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::128-159          132      0.00%      0.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4755      0.05%      0.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7566      0.09%      0.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::224-255         6701      0.08%      0.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::256-287      8683372     99.54%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::total      8723262                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::samples          100                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::mean 682129.710000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  4262.052599                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 1112347.079919                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::0-131071           61     61.00%     61.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::131072-262143            2      2.00%     63.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::262144-393215            1      1.00%     64.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::393216-524287            2      2.00%     66.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::524288-655359            3      3.00%     69.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::655360-786431            2      2.00%     71.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::786432-917503            3      3.00%     74.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::917504-1.04858e+06            1      1.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1.04858e+06-1.17965e+06            1      1.00%     76.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1.17965e+06-1.31072e+06            1      1.00%     77.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1.31072e+06-1.44179e+06            2      2.00%     79.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1.44179e+06-1.57286e+06            2      2.00%     81.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1.70394e+06-1.83501e+06            1      1.00%     82.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1.83501e+06-1.96608e+06            2      2.00%     84.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1.96608e+06-2.09715e+06            1      1.00%     85.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2.09715e+06-2.22822e+06            1      1.00%     86.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2.22822e+06-2.3593e+06            2      2.00%     88.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2.3593e+06-2.49037e+06            4      4.00%     92.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2.49037e+06-2.62144e+06            1      1.00%     93.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2.75251e+06-2.88358e+06            1      1.00%     94.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::3.14573e+06-3.2768e+06            2      2.00%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::3.2768e+06-3.40787e+06            1      1.00%     97.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::3.80109e+06-3.93216e+06            2      2.00%     99.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::4.71859e+06-4.84966e+06            1      1.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::total          100                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::samples          100                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.130000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.108677                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.917341                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      1.00%      1.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::24             78     78.00%     79.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::25             21     21.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::total          100                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat               1822238850950                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat          3002280578900                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat             222780739200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                   26174.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat              43124.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                     151.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       0.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                  151.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    0.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       1.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   1.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     8.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                    26.29                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits               60896118                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                  2014                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate              83.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                  1692516.99                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::IDLE 13773443754500                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::REF  320503546800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT  652623572700                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::0          1319628844.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::1          1329750172.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::2          1340234985.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::3          1305849686.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::0             890225808                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::1             897053688                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::2          904126776.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::3             880930344                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::0           8681657088                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::1           8749665600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::2         8818237209.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::3         8591739686.400002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::0        7074708.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::1        6609392.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::2        6874813.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::3        6655841.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::0       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::1       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::2       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::3       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::0      28613770850.880001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::1      28682904864.960003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::2      28768730613.120003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::3      28538737692.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::0      912095484000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::1      912034840128                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::2      911959554384.000122                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::3      912161302560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::0        1018168088036.160034                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::1        1018261070582.399902                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::2        1018358005517.760132                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::3        1018045462546.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::0          65.183944                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::1          65.189897                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::2          65.196103                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::3          65.176094                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst      1472256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data   1085274880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst       214528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data   1137210368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        83968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         8192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        17664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::total       2224286976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst      1472256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       214528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        83968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        17664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::total      1790976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::writebacks       870656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::total        870656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst         5751                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      4239355                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          838                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      4442228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu5.data           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           69                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::total           8688621                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::writebacks         3401                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::total             3401                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        99837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     73595070                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        14548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     77116939                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         5694                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst          174                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.data           35                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::total           150834189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        99837                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        14548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         5694                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1198                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          174                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::total         121450                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::writebacks         59041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::total              59041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::writebacks         59041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        99837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     73595070                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        14548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     77116939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         5694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst          174                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           35                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::total          150893231                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                   8688621                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                     3401                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                69508968                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                  27208                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM           2223128384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ               1158592                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                115392                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys            2224286976                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys             870656                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                36206                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts               23593                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           61                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0         8433655                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1         8939286                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2         8559256                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3         8817325                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4         8548326                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5         8418222                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6         8858798                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7         8897894                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0             908                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1             224                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2             789                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3             312                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4             160                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5             216                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6             208                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7             789                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                14746570456000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5            69508968                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5              27208                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0               8548689                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1               8555262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2               8568729                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3               8573952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4               8579982                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5               8584772                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6               8597054                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7               8602387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                135920                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                128762                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10               115294                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11               110070                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12               104039                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13                99248                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14                86968                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15                81634                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                  143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                  144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                  144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                  144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                  145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                  145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                  146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                  149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                  151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                  151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                  151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                  151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                  151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                  151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                  151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                  151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                  151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                  150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                  150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                  150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                  150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                  150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                  149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                  147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                   50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::samples      8704834                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.403351                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.914339                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.041630                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::32-63         7592      0.09%      0.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7828      0.09%      0.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4894      0.06%      0.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::128-159          108      0.00%      0.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4894      0.06%      0.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7826      0.09%      0.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::224-255         6956      0.08%      0.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::256-287      8664736     99.54%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::total      8704834                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::samples          150                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::mean 455536.220000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 23063.536749                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 625285.791035                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::0-65535           63     42.00%     42.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::65536-131071            8      5.33%     47.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::131072-196607            2      1.33%     48.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::196608-262143            7      4.67%     53.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::262144-327679            7      4.67%     58.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::327680-393215            5      3.33%     61.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::393216-458751            8      5.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::458752-524287            3      2.00%     68.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::524288-589823            3      2.00%     70.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::589824-655359            1      0.67%     71.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::655360-720895            3      2.00%     73.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::720896-786431            4      2.67%     76.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::786432-851967            6      4.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::851968-917503            3      2.00%     82.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::917504-983039            1      0.67%     82.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::983040-1.04858e+06            2      1.33%     84.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1.04858e+06-1.11411e+06            1      0.67%     84.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1.11411e+06-1.17965e+06            3      2.00%     86.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1.17965e+06-1.24518e+06            5      3.33%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1.24518e+06-1.31072e+06            3      2.00%     92.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1.31072e+06-1.37626e+06            1      0.67%     92.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1.37626e+06-1.44179e+06            1      0.67%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1.44179e+06-1.50733e+06            1      0.67%     94.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1.6384e+06-1.70394e+06            1      0.67%     94.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1.70394e+06-1.76947e+06            2      1.33%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1.76947e+06-1.83501e+06            1      0.67%     96.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1.83501e+06-1.90054e+06            1      0.67%     97.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2.03162e+06-2.09715e+06            1      0.67%     98.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2.22822e+06-2.29376e+06            1      0.67%     98.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2.81805e+06-2.88358e+06            1      0.67%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::3.73555e+06-3.80109e+06            1      0.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::total          150                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::samples          150                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.040000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.993975                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.370250                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.67%      0.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.67%      1.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::18              2      1.33%      2.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.67%      3.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::20              1      0.67%      4.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.67%      4.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::23              3      2.00%      6.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::24             93     62.00%     68.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::25             47     31.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::total          150                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat               1817985009400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat          2995548325300                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat             222312838400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                   26168.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat              43118.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                     150.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       0.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                  150.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    0.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       1.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   1.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     8.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                    28.23                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits               60768518                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                  3016                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate              83.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                  1696563.87                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::IDLE 13774735081500                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::REF  320503546800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT  651332076700                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::0            1321439616                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::1            1321554528                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::2          1290946204.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::3          1350762134.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::0             891447360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::1             891524880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::2             870876408                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::3             911228424                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::0         8694566899.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::1         8695893273.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::2           8492949504                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::3           8887030464                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::0        7194562.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::1        6807214.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::2        6738370.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::3        7155164.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::0       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::1       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::2       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::3       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::0      28622632426.560001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::1       28633765320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::2      28430565445.439999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::3      28852868468.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::0      912087710688                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::1      912077944992                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::2      912256190496                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::3      911885749248                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::0        1018185238288.320068                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::1        1018187736943.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::2        1017908513164.799927                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::3        1018455040638.719971                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::0          65.185042                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::1          65.185202                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::2          65.167326                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::3          65.202315                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst       955648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data   1093215744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst       260864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data   1144557056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        38400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        11776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total       2239054848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       955648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       260864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        38400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        11776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::total      1267968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::writebacks       144640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total        144640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst         3733                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      4270374                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst         1019                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      4470926                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           46                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu6.data           49                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total           8746308                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::writebacks          565                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total              565                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        64805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     74133559                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        17690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     77615136                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         2604                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu5.data           69                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst          799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst           87                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.data           35                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total           151835634                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        64805                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        17690                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2604                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst          799                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst           87                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::total          85984                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::writebacks          9808                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total               9808                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::writebacks          9808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        64805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     74133559                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        17690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     77615136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         2604                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu5.data           69                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst          799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst           87                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           35                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total          151845442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                   8746308                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                      565                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                69970464                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                   4520                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM           2237958720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ               1096128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                 91200                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys            2239054848                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys             144640                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                34254                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                1662                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            5                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0         8840229                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1         8725071                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2         8612981                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3         8704749                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4         8529581                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5         8925247                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6         8751769                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7         8846583                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0             440                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1             417                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2             240                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3             537                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4             176                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5             312                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6             240                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7             488                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                14746572834000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5            69970464                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5               4520                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0               8605048                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1               8611087                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2               8625191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3               8630348                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4               8636600                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5               8641560                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6               8653814                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7               8659373                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                138201                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                130763                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10               116664                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11               111503                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12               105251                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13               100290                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14                88037                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15                82480                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                  116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                  116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                  116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                  117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                  117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                  117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                  118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                  118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                  120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                  120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                  120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                  120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                  120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                  120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                  120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                  120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                  119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                  119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                  119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                  118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                  118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                  118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                  117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                  117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                   18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::samples      8763470                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.383988                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.872162                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.241878                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::32-63         8144      0.09%      0.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::64-95         8193      0.09%      0.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4866      0.06%      0.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::128-159          126      0.00%      0.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4867      0.06%      0.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::192-223         8192      0.09%      0.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::224-255         6715      0.08%      0.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::256-287      8722367     99.53%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::total      8763470                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::samples          119                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::mean 576851.445378                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 12322.138722                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 824032.500709                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::0-65535           55     46.22%     46.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::65536-131071            2      1.68%     47.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::131072-196607            7      5.88%     53.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::196608-262143            3      2.52%     56.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::262144-327679            4      3.36%     59.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::327680-393215            1      0.84%     60.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::393216-458751            1      0.84%     61.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::458752-524287            2      1.68%     63.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::524288-589823            3      2.52%     65.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::589824-655359            1      0.84%     66.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::655360-720895            4      3.36%     69.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::720896-786431            2      1.68%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::786432-851967            1      0.84%     72.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::851968-917503            2      1.68%     73.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::983040-1.04858e+06            1      0.84%     74.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.04858e+06-1.11411e+06            4      3.36%     78.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.11411e+06-1.17965e+06            3      2.52%     80.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.17965e+06-1.24518e+06            4      3.36%     84.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.24518e+06-1.31072e+06            2      1.68%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.31072e+06-1.37626e+06            2      1.68%     87.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.50733e+06-1.57286e+06            1      0.84%     88.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.70394e+06-1.76947e+06            1      0.84%     89.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.76947e+06-1.83501e+06            1      0.84%     89.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.90054e+06-1.96608e+06            1      0.84%     90.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.96608e+06-2.03162e+06            1      0.84%     91.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2.03162e+06-2.09715e+06            1      0.84%     92.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2.16269e+06-2.22822e+06            1      0.84%     93.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2.22822e+06-2.29376e+06            1      0.84%     94.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2.29376e+06-2.3593e+06            1      0.84%     94.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2.49037e+06-2.5559e+06            1      0.84%     95.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2.62144e+06-2.68698e+06            1      0.84%     96.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2.68698e+06-2.75251e+06            1      0.84%     97.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::3.01466e+06-3.08019e+06            2      1.68%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::3.73555e+06-3.80109e+06            1      0.84%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::total          119                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::samples          119                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.949580                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.916949                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.148682                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.84%      0.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.84%      1.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.84%      2.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.84%      3.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.84%      4.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::24             96     80.67%     84.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::25             18     15.13%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::total          119                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat               1830552030000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat          3015970789500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat             223795872000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                   26174.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat              43124.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                     151.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       0.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                  151.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    0.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       1.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   1.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     8.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                    31.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits               61173207                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                  2383                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate              83.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                  1685925.11                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::IDLE 13770444661300                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::REF  320503546800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT  655624625900                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::0          1336181011.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::1          1317545308.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::2          1327898275.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::3          1338794956.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::0             901391952                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::1             888820248                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::2             895804392                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::3             903155328                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::0           8790497664                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::1         8668653427.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::2           8735513280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::3         8807818905.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::0        7282897.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::1        7034065.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::2        6821729.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::3        7116595.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::0       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::1       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::2       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::3       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::0      28722674540.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::1      28611199995.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::2      28678137549.120003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::3      28775127764.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::0      911999954448                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::1      912097739136                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::2      912039021984.000122                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::3      911953942848                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::0        1018318229249.280029                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::1        1018151238917.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::2        1018243443945.600098                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::3        1018346203133.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::0          65.193557                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::1          65.182866                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::2          65.188769                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::3          65.195348                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst      1317632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data   1098678016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst      1604608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data   1151840512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        52992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        18688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::total       2253520640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst      1317632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst      1604608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        52992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        18688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::total      2995968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::writebacks       913920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::total        913920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst         5147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      4291711                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst         6268                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      4499377                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          207                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu5.data           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           73                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::total           8802815                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::writebacks         3570                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::total             3570                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        89352                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     74503969                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       108812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     78109044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         1267                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst          139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::total           152816594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        89352                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       108812                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3594                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1267                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          139                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::total         203164                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::writebacks         61975                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::total              61975                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::writebacks         61975                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        89352                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     74503969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       108812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     78109044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         1267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst          139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::total          152878569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                   8802815                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                     3570                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                70422520                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                  28560                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM           2251923616                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ               1597024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                102528                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys            2253520640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys             913920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                49907                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts               25363                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0         8793204                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1         9002692                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2         8890022                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3         8553870                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4         8859794                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5         8853680                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6         8843955                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7         8575396                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0             738                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1             264                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2             362                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3             240                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4             348                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5             312                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6             748                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7             192                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                14746570295000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5            70422520                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5              28560                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0               8658181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1               8664467                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2               8677802                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3               8683104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4               8689362                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5               8694497                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6               8707131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7               8712685                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                139227                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                131991                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10               118658                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11               113354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12               107097                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13               101960                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14                89326                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15                83771                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                  129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                  129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                  130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                  130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                  132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                  133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                  133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                  133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                  133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                  132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                  132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                  132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                  132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                  132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                  132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                  132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                  133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                  133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                  132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                  132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                  132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                  132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                  132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                  132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                   33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::samples      8817314                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.409544                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.920516                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.013957                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::32-63         7873      0.09%      0.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7664      0.09%      0.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4862      0.06%      0.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::128-159          119      0.00%      0.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4866      0.06%      0.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7664      0.09%      0.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::224-255         6888      0.08%      0.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::256-287      8777378     99.55%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::total      8817314                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::samples          133                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::mean 525751.669173                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 10763.305268                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 883020.464119                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::0-65535           73     54.89%     54.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::65536-131071            5      3.76%     58.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::131072-196607            2      1.50%     60.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::196608-262143            4      3.01%     63.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::262144-327679            1      0.75%     63.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::327680-393215            3      2.26%     66.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::393216-458751            3      2.26%     68.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::458752-524287            1      0.75%     69.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::524288-589823            5      3.76%     72.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::589824-655359            3      2.26%     75.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::720896-786431            1      0.75%     75.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::786432-851967            4      3.01%     78.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::851968-917503            1      0.75%     79.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::983040-1.04858e+06            1      0.75%     80.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1.04858e+06-1.11411e+06            2      1.50%     81.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1.24518e+06-1.31072e+06            2      1.50%     83.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1.31072e+06-1.37626e+06            4      3.01%     86.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1.37626e+06-1.44179e+06            2      1.50%     87.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1.50733e+06-1.57286e+06            2      1.50%     89.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1.83501e+06-1.90054e+06            1      0.75%     90.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2.03162e+06-2.09715e+06            1      0.75%     90.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2.09715e+06-2.16269e+06            3      2.26%     93.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2.49037e+06-2.5559e+06            2      1.50%     94.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2.5559e+06-2.62144e+06            1      0.75%     95.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2.68698e+06-2.75251e+06            2      1.50%     96.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::3.2768e+06-3.34234e+06            1      0.75%     97.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::3.34234e+06-3.40787e+06            1      0.75%     98.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::3.67002e+06-3.73555e+06            1      0.75%     99.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::4.12877e+06-4.1943e+06            1      0.75%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::total          133                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::samples          133                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.090226                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.072394                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.882993                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.75%      0.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::20              1      0.75%      1.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::21              2      1.50%      3.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.75%      3.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::24             98     73.68%     77.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::25             30     22.56%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::total          133                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat               1842521650850                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat          3035337441200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat             225192361600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                   26182.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat              43132.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                     152.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       0.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                  152.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    0.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       1.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   1.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     8.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                    29.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits               61555819                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                  2684                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate              83.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                  1674531.64                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::IDLE 13766402802050                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::REF  320503546800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT  659663949650                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::0          1353564777.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::1          1326715891.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::2          1347478675.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::3            1325437344                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::0          913119096.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::1             895006752                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::2             909013392                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::3             894144240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::0         8905940659.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::1           8730606144                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::2         8865444057.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::3           8719696128                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::0        7151016.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::1        6842465.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::2             7091712                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::3        7331005.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::0       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::1       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::2       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::3       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::0      28848437078.399998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::1      28666118848.320004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::2      28827658635.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::3      28687448211.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::0      911889636432                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::1      912049564704.000122                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::2      911907863136                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::3      912030854736                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::0        1018478095796.160034                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::1        1018235101540.800049                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::2        1018424796344.640015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::3        1018225158401.280029                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::0          65.203791                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::1          65.188235                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::2          65.200379                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::3          65.187598                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        36352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data   1090793216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        48384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data   1142907136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        54016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        15616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total       2233873152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        36352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        48384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        54016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        15616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::total       155904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::writebacks       864768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total        864768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      4260911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          189                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      4464481                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu5.data           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           61                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total           8726067                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::writebacks         3378                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total             3378                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          382                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         2465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     73969282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          382                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         3281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     77503251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         1059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu6.data           87                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst          104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.data           17                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total           151484251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2465                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         3281                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3663                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1059                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          104                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::total          10572                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::writebacks         58642                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total              58642                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::writebacks         58642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          382                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         2465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     73969282                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          382                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         3281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     77503251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         1059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu6.data           87                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst          104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           17                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total          151542893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                   8726067                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                     3378                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                69808536                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                  27024                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM           2232225632                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ               1647520                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                 97024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys            2233873152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys             864768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                51485                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts               23999                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           45                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0         8513063                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1         8700625                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2         8986115                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3         8671552                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4         8635331                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5         8816543                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6         8645377                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7         8788445                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0             544                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1             256                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2             702                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3             475                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4             312                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5             311                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6             216                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7             216                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                14746595033000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5            69808536                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5              27024                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0               8583995                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1               8589716                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2               8603756                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3               8609177                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4               8615097                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5               8619876                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6               8631938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7               8637497                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                137005                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                129730                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10               115691                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11               110265                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12               104345                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13                99566                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14                87506                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15                81891                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                  123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                  123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                  124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                  124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                  124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                  124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                  124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                  125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                  126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                  125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                  125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                  125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                  125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                  125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                  125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                  125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                  126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                  126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                  125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                  125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                  125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                  125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                  125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                  125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                   31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::samples      8740682                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.394563                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.884482                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.182373                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::32-63         8383      0.10%      0.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7711      0.09%      0.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4709      0.05%      0.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::128-159          124      0.00%      0.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4709      0.05%      0.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7709      0.09%      0.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::224-255         6840      0.08%      0.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::256-287      8700497     99.54%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::total      8740682                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::samples          126                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::mean 552002.238095                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 10315.865636                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 774380.213652                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::0-65535           63     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::65536-131071            4      3.17%     53.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::131072-196607            2      1.59%     54.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::196608-262143            1      0.79%     55.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::262144-327679            2      1.59%     57.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::327680-393215            5      3.97%     61.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::393216-458751            1      0.79%     61.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::458752-524287            1      0.79%     62.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::524288-589823            1      0.79%     63.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::655360-720895            2      1.59%     65.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::720896-786431            2      1.59%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::786432-851967            1      0.79%     67.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::851968-917503            2      1.59%     69.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::917504-983039            5      3.97%     73.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::983040-1.04858e+06            3      2.38%     75.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1.04858e+06-1.11411e+06            5      3.97%     79.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1.11411e+06-1.17965e+06            2      1.59%     80.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1.17965e+06-1.24518e+06            2      1.59%     82.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1.24518e+06-1.31072e+06            5      3.97%     86.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1.31072e+06-1.37626e+06            2      1.59%     88.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1.37626e+06-1.44179e+06            2      1.59%     89.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1.44179e+06-1.50733e+06            2      1.59%     91.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1.50733e+06-1.57286e+06            2      1.59%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1.6384e+06-1.70394e+06            1      0.79%     93.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1.83501e+06-1.90054e+06            1      0.79%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2.09715e+06-2.16269e+06            1      0.79%     95.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2.42483e+06-2.49037e+06            1      0.79%     96.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2.49037e+06-2.5559e+06            1      0.79%     96.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2.75251e+06-2.81805e+06            1      0.79%     97.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::3.01466e+06-3.08019e+06            1      0.79%     98.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::3.08019e+06-3.14573e+06            1      0.79%     99.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::3.67002e+06-3.73555e+06            1      0.79%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::total          126                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::samples          126                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.063492                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.026774                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.211584                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.79%      0.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.79%      1.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.79%      2.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.79%      3.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::24             91     72.22%     75.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::25             31     24.60%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::total          126                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat               1826295141950                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat          3008677156400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat             223222563200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                   26180.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat              43130.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                     151.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       0.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                  151.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    0.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       1.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   1.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     8.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                    28.22                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits               61016869                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                  2532                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate              83.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                  1689293.54                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::IDLE 13772095028900                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::REF  320503546800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT  653974545300                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::0          1308996460.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::1          1343566828.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::2          1327576521.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::3          1326115324.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::0             883053168                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::1             906374448                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::2          895587336.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::3             894601608                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::0         8613440409.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::1         8839403788.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::2         8733631795.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::3         8725402483.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::0        6841221.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::1        7256355.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::2        6512762.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::3        6788136.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::0       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::1       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::2       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::3       66560246736                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::0      28539506508.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::1      28789112718.720001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::2      28676318054.399998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::3      28685220724.799999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::0      912160628160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::1      911941675344.000122                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::2      912040618032                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::3      912032808672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::0        1018072712664                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::1        1018387636220.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::2        1018240491238.080078                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::3        1018231183685.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::0          65.177838                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::1          65.198000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::2          65.188580                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::3          65.187984                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq           139619548                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp          139619547                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               2935                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              2935                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             84403                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             6335                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            214                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             337                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             17855                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            17853                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        20426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave    279351536                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total    279371962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.membus.pkt_count::total              279371962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        40852                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave  35766918145                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total  35766958997                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.membus.pkt_size::total             35766958997                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  69809774000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 2303609701000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      2935000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      1467500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback   1392649500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      3167999                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       107000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       168500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      8927500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    294574500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq       202324                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     11953718                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq           63                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp           12                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback          265                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp           24                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq         1412                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp         3270                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     48795500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  59353024499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp       132500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback        56928                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       202500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq          500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     37189000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.failedReq                        204068                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.failedResp                     11957024                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.pimReqSuccess                         1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.membus.pimReqFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.pimReqForwardingFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM req pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.pimRespSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.membus.pimRespFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.pimRespForwardingFail                 0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM resp pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime            48852928                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime        59390548499                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.snoops                             6214                       # Total snoops (count)
timestamp2.system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples         139721076                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.membus.snoop_fanout::1               139721076    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.membus.snoop_fanout::total           139721076                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6573500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded               10213                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy         71207880000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded           139714863                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy       2303905911500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.membus.respLayer3.utilization             15.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded          139640672                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq          139612269                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp         139612269                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback            84403                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             309                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            28                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            337                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq            17853                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp           17853                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      4406533                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      4405002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      4344887                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      4337812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      4315700                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      4342679                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      4364052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      4457735                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      4355086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      4390541                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      4356528                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      4369216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      4374255                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      4418646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      4286890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      4310867                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total     69836429                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      4403210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      4400796                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      4343762                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      4340874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      4317999                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      4344983                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      4367196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      4455426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      4352269                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      4396245                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      4356346                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      4363688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      4373359                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      4421662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      4284647                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      4313676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total     69836139                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      4396568                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      4401777                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      4348516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      4345131                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      4310429                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      4343890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      4364310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      4452933                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      4357521                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      4393981                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      4358453                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      4364903                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      4372571                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      4417904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      4286026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      4321377                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total     69836291                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      4402176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      4401629                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      4346850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      4340095                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      4319648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      4349213                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      4371140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      4457324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      4357565                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      4385762                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      4357720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      4357795                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      4373006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      4421202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      4281837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      4313502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total     69836464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total             279345323                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port    564366336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port    563952640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port    556261888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port    555343104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port    552564992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port    555967488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port    558838528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port    570879488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port    557552128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port    562232320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port    557879552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port    559364608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port    559922944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port    565786112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port    548915712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port    551899392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total   8941727232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port    563947520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port    563422720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port    556113152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port    555747840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port    552848896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port    556264192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port    559249664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port    570589696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port    557196032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port    562958336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port    557856256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port    558657536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port    559808000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port    566173952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port    548632576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port    552264448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total   8941730817                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port    563111424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port    563540992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port    556726784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port    556279808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port    551886592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port    556116992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port    558878976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port    570269696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port    557860864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port    562673408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port    558118912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port    558812160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port    559707648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port    565691648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port    548813568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port    553240064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total   8941729536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port    563825408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port    563518208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port    556508416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port    555639040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port    553057280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port    556808960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port    559748864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port    570824192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port    557869056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port    561608960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port    558023424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port    557903616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port    559760896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port    566118144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port    548280320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port    552236032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total   8941730816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total            35766918401                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 195441918600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 1380829900300                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         2200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    793378200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       432600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        39200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       471463                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     23840200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    170230200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        38145                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback           25                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq         2885                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     20942000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback        10000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      2546000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.failedReq                        41055                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.failedResp                           0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pimReqForwardingFail                 0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM req pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pimRespForwardingFail                0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM resp pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime           23498000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime                 0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy        12417156200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded            8809581                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy        12356791800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded            8806387                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy        12198608800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded            8693790                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy        12182772000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded            8683636                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy        12126074400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded            8634306                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy        12195450200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded            8692083                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy        12292942000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded            8737190                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy        12555503200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded            8916302                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy        12222213200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded            8712808                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy        12360761000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded            8787015                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy       12264774800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded           8718292                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy       12247467600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded           8729490                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy       12249486000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded           8746878                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy       12429498600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded           8842871                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy       12050116200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded           8572823                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy       12109992800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded           8631410                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.occupancy              2200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.succeeded                 1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy      345250956106                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded          34907713                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy      345248357571                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded          34907423                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy      345249939016                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded          34907576                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy      345251350770                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded          34907748                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
timestamp2.system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp2.system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp2.system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
timestamp2.system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
timestamp2.system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
timestamp2.system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
timestamp2.system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp2.system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp2.system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
timestamp2.system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
timestamp2.system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
timestamp2.system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq    139612269                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp    139612269                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback        84403                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          309                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           28                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          337                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq        17853                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp        17853                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave     69836429                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave     69836139                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave     69836291                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave     69836464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total    279345323                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave   8941727232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave   8941730817                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave   8941729536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave   8941730816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total  35766918401                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 111689815200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 558449076000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq          900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    337612000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       247200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        22400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       269600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     14282400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     71412000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp      1873255                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp         2655                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   4864729700                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         4900                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      6803400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.failedResp               1875913                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess                  1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pimReqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM req pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pimRespForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM resp pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime   4871538000                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy  28010182400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded     34928716                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy  28011107300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded     34928716                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy  28010620000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded     34928715                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy  28010070400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded     34928716                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy 558520758400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          3.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded    139630460                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq          509321450                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         509321449                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              2935                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             2935                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            89346                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            9378                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1749                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          11127                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            29059                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           29059                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       165649                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    188832591                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    328823582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       219934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    182654969                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           42                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    318039555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        10648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1446                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total            1018756113                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     21202944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side  24171015576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    657636464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     28151552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side  23380644340                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           76                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    636066144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1362944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       421812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       396544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       142920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        57344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        29197                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total            48897128697                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 255032961030                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 6369896172193                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      2935000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      1467500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback   2903755479                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      4692493                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       874999                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      2458498                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq          500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     16206140                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    680888407                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq      1150858                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp      3762710                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq           29                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback         6110                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           56                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            6                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp           55                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq          178                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp         2854                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1698242162                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  43236041128                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       392500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback    131501994                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       245500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        93500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       887999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      2598000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     44019445                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.failedReq                      1157716                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.failedResp                     3765619                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pimReqForwardingFail                 0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM req pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pimRespForwardingFail                0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM resp pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime         1833073656                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime       43280948572                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoops                           62376                       # Total snoops (count)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples        509443704                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47             509443704    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total          509443704                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       257961425641                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded          509453918                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        2696151730                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded             82824                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy      3072399589947                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            20.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded          94407530                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy              6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                 6                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy      164741630850                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded         164414466                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy        3586771250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded            109967                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy      2968947811357                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization            20.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded          91316698                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer8.occupancy             23000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer8.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                23                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy      159350131952                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded         159023019                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy           130000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy           130500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded                5                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer25.occupancy           130999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer25.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded                5                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer30.occupancy        173051446                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer30.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded             5324                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy         58193494                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded             1985                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer33.occupancy             1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer33.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded                1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer36.occupancy         50350980                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer36.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded             1549                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer37.occupancy         21102499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer37.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded              784                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer38.occupancy             1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer38.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer39.occupancy            10000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer39.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded               10                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy          7280499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              224                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy          4041499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              144                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                2                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                  nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                  nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                  nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.numCycles                        0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_func_calls                   0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_insts                    0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_load_insts                   0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_store_insts                  0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.idle_fraction                    1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShift              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemRead                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IprAccess              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::total                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples      1474656                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0      1474656    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total      1474656                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.totalReadBytes                  0                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples      1474656                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0      1474656    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total      1474656                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.totalWrittenBytes               0                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::0              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::1              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::2              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::3              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::4              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::5              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::6              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::7              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::8              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::9              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::10             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::11             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::12             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::13             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::14             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::15             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::16             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::17             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::18             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::19             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::mean             nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev            nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::total              0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean           nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::samples              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::mean               nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev              nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::total                0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples      1474656                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0      1474656    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total      1474656                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples      1474656                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0      1474656    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total      1474656                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::samples      1474656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::mean             0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::0          1474656    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::total      1474656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::samples      1474656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::0         1474656    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::total      1474656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count::total              2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size::total               1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedReq                     0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedResp                    0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM req pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespSuccess                1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM resp pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy         1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy          700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.replacements                 139630539                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8191.927128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.total_refs                    36018299                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                 139630539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.257954                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       33.444857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.297824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst     3.705581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data  3929.723295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.202065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.000237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst     2.644535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data  4221.225677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst     0.000370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data     0.000341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst     0.203503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data     0.016690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.000169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.itb.walker     0.000048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst     0.050675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data     0.010491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst     0.049147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data     0.350726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.004083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.000452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.479703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.000323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.515286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.000043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          462                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4631                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2955                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.001465                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997437                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                4214706786                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.data_accesses               4214706786                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker    164400056                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst         7577                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data     17433225                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker    159008529                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst        36642                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data     17011724                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst         1817                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          628                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst          622                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          176                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          120                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           45                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               357901189                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            89346                       # number of Writeback hits
timestamp2.system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 89346                       # number of Writeback hits
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         1542                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         1462                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 3044                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           68                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         1462                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               1535                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         2935                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  3095                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker    164400056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst          7577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data      17433271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker    159008529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst         36642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data      17014659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data             1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data             1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data             1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst          1817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data           716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst           622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data           195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data            52                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::total                357904284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker    164400056                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst         7577                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data     17433271                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker    159008529                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           15                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst        36642                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data     17014659                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst         1817                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data          716                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst          622                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data          195                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          120                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data           52                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::total               357904284                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         9060                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst        75248                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data     76936536                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         8007                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst        73325                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data     74257661                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst         3507                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          328                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.inst          927                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data          195                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             151364929                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           92                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           40                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          103                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           70                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                308                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         8627                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         9147                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           54                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               17854                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         9060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst        75248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data     76945163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         8007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst        73325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data     74266808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst         3507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data          382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu6.inst          927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data          214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::total              151382783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         9060                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst        75248                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data     76945163                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         8007                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst        73325                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data     74266808                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst         3507                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data          382                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu6.inst          927                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data          214                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          104                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data           26                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::total             151382783                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker   1130326500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       497000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   9311169000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 9693712039915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker    985196000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       506500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   8495186000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 9363264825476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       124500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    446256500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     37332500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       248000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst    118710500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     24006500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13305000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2140000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    19077541993891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       327000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       391500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        65500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       784000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    794689997                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    869798498                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      6738500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      2447500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       804500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1674478995                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker   1130326500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       497000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   9311169000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 9694506729912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker    985196000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       506500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   8495186000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 9364134623974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       124500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    446256500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     44071000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       248000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       124000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst    118710500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     26454000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13305000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2944500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     19079216472886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker   1130326500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       497000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   9311169000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 9694506729912                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker    985196000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       506500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   8495186000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 9364134623974                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       124500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    446256500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     44071000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       248000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       124000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst    118710500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     26454000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13305000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2944500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    19079216472886                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker    164409116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        82825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data     94369761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker    159016536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst       109967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data     91269385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst         5324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst         1549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           64                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           509266118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        89346                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             89346                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         1634                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1502                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          133                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           79                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total             3352                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           68                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1468                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           1563                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         8673                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        12082                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          142                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             20949                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker    164409116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        82825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data     94378434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker    159016536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst       109967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data     91281467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst         5324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data         1098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst         1549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data          409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data           78                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::total            509287067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker    164409116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        82825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data     94378434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker    159016536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst       109967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data     91281467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst         5324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data         1098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst         1549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data          409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data           78                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::total           509287067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.800000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.908518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.815267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.210526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.666791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.813610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.658715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.343096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.200000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.598451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.525606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.464286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.296875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.297222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.056304                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.026631                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.774436                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.886076                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.091885                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.004087                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.714286                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.017914                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.994696                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.757077                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.380282                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.852260                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.800000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.908518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.815283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.210526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.666791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.813602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.658715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.347905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.200000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.598451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.523227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.464286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.297245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.800000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.908518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.815283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.210526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.666791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.813602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.658715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.347905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.200000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.598451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.523227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.464286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.297245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 124760.099338                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       124250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 123739.753881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 125996.211214                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 123041.838391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       126625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 115856.610979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 126091.566842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 127247.362418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 113818.597561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       124000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       124000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 128058.791802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 123110.256410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 127932.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 112631.578947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126036.738628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  3554.347826                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  3800.970874                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data   935.714286                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2545.454545                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65000                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2321.428571                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 92116.610293                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 95091.122554                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 124787.037037                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 128815.789474                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 114928.571429                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93787.330290                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 124760.099338                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       124250                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 123739.753881                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 125992.412673                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 123041.838391                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       126625                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 115856.610979                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 126087.748702                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       124500                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 127247.362418                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 115369.109948                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 128058.791802                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 123616.822430                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 127932.692308                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       113250                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126032.935151                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 124760.099338                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       124250                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 123739.753881                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 125992.412673                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 123041.838391                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       126625                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 115856.610979                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 126087.748702                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       124500                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 127247.362418                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 115369.109948                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 128058.791802                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 123616.822430                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 127932.692308                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       113250                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126032.935151                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                84403                       # number of writebacks
timestamp2.system.l2.writebacks::total                     84403                       # number of writebacks
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst         8279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data      8812646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst        25660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data      2898550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11752660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst         8279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data      8812646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst        25660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data      2898550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total            11752660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3456                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst         8279                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data      8812646                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4050                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst        25660                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data      2898550                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total           11752660                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        66969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data     68123890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        47665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data     71359111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst         3493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        139612269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           92                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           40                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          103                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           70                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           308                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         8627                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         9147                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           54                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          17854                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        66969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data     68132517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        47665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data     71368258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst         3493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         139630123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        66969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data     68132517                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        47665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data     71368258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst         3493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        139630123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker    646778000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       453000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   7706675500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 7851227564917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker    455659000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       462500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   5507024000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 8221727710476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       113500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    406504500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     33724500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       226000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst    108296000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     21861500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12161000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1931000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 16087857258393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      5011499                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2173000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      5722996                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      3865499                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       162500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16935494                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       326499                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       899000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       271000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1550499                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    699792997                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    769181498                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      6144500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      2238500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       727500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1478084995                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker    646778000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       453000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   7706675500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 7851927357914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker    455659000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       462500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   5507024000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 8222496891974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       113500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    406504500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     39869000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       226000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst    108296000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     24100000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12161000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2658500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 16089335343388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker    646778000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       453000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   7706675500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 7851927357914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker    455659000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       462500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   5507024000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 8222496891974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       113500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    406504500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     39869000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       226000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst    108296000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     24100000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12161000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2658500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 16089335343388                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     79834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     68399499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       662000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       267000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        40000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    149202499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     29583500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     28789000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       300000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       120000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        50000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     58842500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data    109417500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     97188499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       962000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       387000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        90000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    208044999                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.808560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.721883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.210526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.433448                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.781852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.656086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.343096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.595223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.525606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.464286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.296875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.274144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.056304                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.026631                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.774436                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.886076                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091885                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.004087                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017914                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.994696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.757077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.380282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.852260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.808560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.721908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.210526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.433448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.781848                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.656086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.347905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.595223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.523227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.464286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.274168                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.808560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.721908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.210526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.433448                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.781848                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.656086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.347905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.595223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.523227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.464286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.274168                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 115413.633119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       113250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 115078.252624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 115249.254922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 115152.640890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       115625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 115536.011749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 115216.229508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 116376.896650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 102818.597561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       113000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       113000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 117457.700651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 112110.256410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 116932.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 101631.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115232.403095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54472.815217                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54325                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 55563.067961                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 55221.414286                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54166.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54985.370130                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54416.500000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 56187.500000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        54200                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55374.964286                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 81116.610293                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 84091.122554                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 113787.037037                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 117815.789474                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 103928.571429                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82787.330290                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 115413.633119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       113250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 115078.252624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 115244.933017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 115152.640890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       115625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 115536.011749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 115212.240321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 116376.896650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 104369.109948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 117457.700651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 112616.822430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 116932.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       102250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115228.254460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 115413.633119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       113250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 115078.252624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 115244.933017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 115152.640890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       115625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 115536.011749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 115212.240321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 116376.896650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 104369.109948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 117457.700651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 112616.822430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 116932.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       102250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115228.254460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.l2.waiting_on_retry                     204068                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples     34907619                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.999999                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271     34907619    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total      34907619                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        21003                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        21003    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total        21003                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples       1474656                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     605995095.805395                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    131447492.790686                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07          118      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08          240      0.02%      0.02% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08          196      0.01%      0.04% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08          784      0.05%      0.09% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08       177601     12.04%     12.13% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08        97743      6.63%     18.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08         5574      0.38%     19.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08         5199      0.35%     19.49% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08        27434      1.86%     21.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08       712282     48.30%     69.65% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08       447083     30.32%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08          335      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08           31      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08           19      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09           17      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total         1474656                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        605995176.099895      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                8936350464                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples      1474656                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    364524.879023                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   3382920.844242                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07      1455450     98.70%     98.70% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07        17774      1.21%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07         1247      0.08%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07          106      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           37      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           16      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           12      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            6      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            4      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total        1474656                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       364611.424332      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                5376768                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples        34907619                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       96160.832445                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      95799.589787                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev      10252.486195                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-32767               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-65535        17148      0.05%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-98303     33734670     96.64%     96.69% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-131071       573360      1.64%     98.33% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-163839       342611      0.98%     99.31% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::163840-196607       156167      0.45%     99.76% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-229375        75620      0.22%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::229376-262143         7058      0.02%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-294911          773      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::294912-327679          209      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::327680-360447            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::360448-393215            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::393216-425983            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::425984-458751            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::458752-491519            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total          34907619                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean               nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples            34907619                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           422445.618161                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          134329.017716                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000              1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows          34907618    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value             98000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value         167295000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total              34907619                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples             21003                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         701851597.200400                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        2255211560.120666                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows           21003    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value          184000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value     10440898000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total               21003                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples              34928622                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             422191.596537                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            133952.588619                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000                1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows            34928621    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value               98000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value           167295000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                34928622                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples      1474656                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.228392                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.419796                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0          1137857     77.16%     77.16% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1           336799     22.84%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total      1474656                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples      1474656                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0         1474656    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total      1474656                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples           1474656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean            23.671683                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            5.134671                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-3                   174      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::4-7                   376      0.03%      0.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8-11                 1836      0.12%      0.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::12-15              274309     18.60%     18.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-19                8111      0.55%     19.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::20-23               30123      2.04%     21.36% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::24-27             1118438     75.84%     97.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::28-31               41217      2.80%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-35                  39      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::36-39                  32      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::40-43                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::44-47                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::48-51                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::52-55                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::56-59                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::60-63                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::64-67                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::68-71                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::72-75                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::76-79                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total             1474656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples          1474656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.014239                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           0.132145                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                1455450     98.70%     98.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                  17774      1.21%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                   1247      0.08%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                    106      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                     37      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                     16      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                     12      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                      6      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                      4      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total            1474656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples     34907344                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.999999                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271     34907344    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total      34907344                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        21293                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean    255.988024                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   255.933341                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     1.747518                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             1      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        21292    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total        21293                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples       1474656                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     605990443.330512                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    131452138.072697                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07          121      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08          236      0.02%      0.02% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08          202      0.01%      0.04% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08          760      0.05%      0.09% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08       177808     12.06%     12.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08        97550      6.62%     18.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08         5598      0.38%     19.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08         5189      0.35%     19.49% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08        27446      1.86%     21.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08       712309     48.30%     69.66% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08       447045     30.32%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08          321      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08           33      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08           19      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09           19      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total         1474656                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        605990402.108480      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                8936280064                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples      1474656                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    369437.753618                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   3404977.389779                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07      1455178     98.68%     98.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07        18050      1.22%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07         1244      0.08%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           99      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           32      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           21      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           18      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            8      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            5      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total        1474656                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       369628.523122      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                5450753                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples        34907344                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       96158.958519                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      95798.208748                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev      10244.390137                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-32767               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-65535        17247      0.05%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-98303     33734022     96.64%     96.69% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-131071       575066      1.65%     98.34% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-163839       341163      0.98%     99.31% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-196607       156340      0.45%     99.76% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-229375        75372      0.22%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-262143         7150      0.02%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-294911          789      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-327679          192      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::327680-360447            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::360448-393215            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::393216-425983            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::425984-458751            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::458752-491519            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total          34907344                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean               nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples            34907344                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           422448.958277                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          134242.908444                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000              1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows          34907343    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value             98000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value         167297000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total              34907344                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples             21293                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         692554861.550744                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        2233074543.637090                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows           21293    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value          185000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value     10144400000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total               21293                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples              34928637                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             422191.414655                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            133854.171827                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000                1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows            34928634    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value               72000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value           167297000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                34928637                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples      1474656                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.228330                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.419756                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0          1137948     77.17%     77.17% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1           336708     22.83%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total      1474656                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples      1474656                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0         1474656    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total      1474656                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples           1474656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean            23.671502                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            5.134786                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-1                    94      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::2-3                    80      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::4-5                   185      0.01%      0.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::6-7                   199      0.01%      0.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8-9                   391      0.03%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::10-11                1438      0.10%      0.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::12-13              176673     11.98%     12.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::14-15               97632      6.62%     18.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-17                3562      0.24%     19.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::18-19                4529      0.31%     19.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::20-21                5914      0.40%     19.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::22-23               24221      1.64%     21.36% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::24-25              184004     12.48%     33.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::26-27              934440     63.37%     97.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::28-29               41198      2.79%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::30-31                  25      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-33                  26      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::34-35                  14      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::36-37                  24      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::38-39                   7      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total             1474656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples          1474656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.014431                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           0.133007                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                1455178     98.68%     98.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                  18050      1.22%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                   1244      0.08%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                     99      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                     32      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                     21      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                     18      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                      8      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                      5      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total            1474656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples     34907491                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.999999                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271     34907491    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total      34907491                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        21140                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        21140    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total        21140                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples       1474656                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     605992977.887724                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    131443716.027041                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07          123      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08          232      0.02%      0.02% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08          203      0.01%      0.04% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08          781      0.05%      0.09% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08       177715     12.05%     12.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08        97620      6.62%     18.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08         5579      0.38%     19.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08         5195      0.35%     19.49% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08        27556      1.87%     21.36% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08       711884     48.27%     69.64% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08       447365     30.34%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08          331      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08           35      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08           18      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09           18      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total         1474656                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        605992954.023891      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                8936317696                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples      1474656                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    366816.396502                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   3396047.464584                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07      1455377     98.69%     98.69% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07        17796      1.21%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07         1292      0.09%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07          107      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           34      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           25      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           15      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            5      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total        1474656                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       366989.740055      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                5411840                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples        34907491                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       96160.481789                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      95799.170430                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev      10254.002124                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-32767               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-65535        17158      0.05%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-98303     33735079     96.64%     96.69% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-131071       573448      1.64%     98.33% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-163839       341005      0.98%     99.31% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::163840-196607       156979      0.45%     99.76% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-229375        75858      0.22%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::229376-262143         7055      0.02%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-294911          735      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::294912-327679          169      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::327680-360447            5      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::360448-393215            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::393216-425983            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::425984-458751            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::458752-491519            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total          34907491                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples              1                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean             11300                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11300.000000                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total                1                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples            34907491                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           422447.178544                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          134235.828719                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000              3      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows          34907488    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value             98000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value         167392000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total              34907491                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples             21140                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         697327433.491012                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        2248282148.348600                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows           21140    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value          147000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value     10291451000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total               21140                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples              34928631                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             422191.470201                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            133859.899208                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000                3      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows            34928627    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value               81000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value           167392000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                34928631                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples      1474656                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.228142                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.419635                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0          1138225     77.19%     77.19% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1           336431     22.81%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total      1474656                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples      1474656                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0         1474656    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total      1474656                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples           1474656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean            23.671601                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            5.134527                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-3                   175      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::4-7                   383      0.03%      0.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8-11                 1830      0.12%      0.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::12-15              274283     18.60%     18.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-19                8158      0.55%     19.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::20-23               30211      2.05%     21.36% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::24-27             1118541     75.85%     97.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::28-31               41004      2.78%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-35                  40      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::36-39                  30      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::40-43                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::44-47                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::48-51                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::52-55                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::56-59                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::60-63                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::64-67                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::68-71                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::72-75                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::76-79                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total             1474656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples          1474656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.014329                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           0.132658                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                1455377     98.69%     98.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                  17796      1.21%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                   1292      0.09%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                    107      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                     34      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                     25      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                     15      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                      5      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total            1474656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples     34907668                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.999999                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271     34907668    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total      34907668                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        20968                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        20968    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total        20968                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples       1474656                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     605995998.524402                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    131446394.223161                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07          121      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08          241      0.02%      0.02% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08          191      0.01%      0.04% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08          796      0.05%      0.09% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08       177686     12.05%     12.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08        97660      6.62%     18.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08         5584      0.38%     19.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08         5177      0.35%     19.49% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08        27443      1.86%     21.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08       712221     48.30%     69.65% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08       447152     30.32%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08          310      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08           38      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08           20      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09           15      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total         1474656                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        605996026.738366      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                8936363008                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples      1474656                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    363865.199748                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   3368378.487075                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07      1455472     98.70%     98.70% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07        17740      1.20%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07         1271      0.09%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07          100      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           30      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           19      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           13      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            8      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total        1474656                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       364003.825425      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                5367808                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples        34907668                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       96161.000382                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      95799.235230                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev      10261.629683                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-32767               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-65535        17255      0.05%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-98303     33735647     96.64%     96.69% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-131071       572529      1.64%     98.33% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-163839       341566      0.98%     99.31% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::163840-196607       156464      0.45%     99.76% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::196608-229375        76112      0.22%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::229376-262143         7097      0.02%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::262144-294911          816      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::294912-327679          180      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::327680-360447            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::360448-393215            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::393216-425983            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::425984-458751            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::458752-491519            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total          34907668                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean               nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples            34907668                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           422445.028869                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          134537.870697                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000              3      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows          34907665    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value             98000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value         167182000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total              34907668                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples             20968                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         703008088.086608                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        2260847994.270547                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows           20968    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value          162000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value     10189124000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total               20968                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples              34928636                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             422191.431008                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            134143.398031                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000                3      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows            34928633    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value               98000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value           167182000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                34928636                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples      1474656                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.228720                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.420009                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0          1137373     77.13%     77.13% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1           337283     22.87%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total      1474656                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples      1474656                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0         1474656    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total      1474656                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples           1474656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean            23.671719                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            5.134621                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-3                   177      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::4-7                   375      0.03%      0.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8-11                 1794      0.12%      0.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::12-15              274342     18.60%     18.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-19                8118      0.55%     19.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::20-23               30096      2.04%     21.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::24-27             1118861     75.87%     97.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::28-31               40822      2.77%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-35                  41      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::36-39                  29      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::40-43                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::44-47                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::48-51                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::52-55                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::56-59                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::60-63                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::64-67                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::68-71                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::72-75                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::76-79                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total             1474656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples          1474656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.014213                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           0.131577                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                1455472     98.70%     98.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                  17740      1.20%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                   1271      0.09%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                    100      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                     30      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                     19      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                     13      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                      8      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total            1474656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples    139630124                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean             256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     256.000002                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15               0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271    139630124    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total      139630124                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        84404                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean     255.996979                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.983182                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.877725                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15              1      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        84403    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         84404                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples        1474656                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      2423974515.548033                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean                0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     524110944.432215                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-2.68435e+08          126      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-5.36871e+08          202      0.01%      0.02% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-8.05306e+08          276      0.02%      0.04% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-1.07374e+09          644      0.04%      0.08% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.34218e+09        88689      6.01%      6.10% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.61061e+09       186993     12.68%     18.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.87905e+09         5008      0.34%     19.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.14748e+09         6581      0.45%     19.57% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.41592e+09        29197      1.98%     21.55% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.68435e+09       454500     30.82%     52.37% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+09-2.95279e+09       702335     47.63%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.95279e+09-3.22123e+09           33      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.22123e+09-3.48966e+09           32      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.48966e+09-3.7581e+09           24      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.7581e+09-4.02653e+09           15      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+09-4.29497e+09            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.29497e+09-4.5634e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.5634e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.83184e+09-5.10027e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.10027e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total          1474656                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         2423974541.610663      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                35745310976                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       1474656                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     1464644.228891                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    8553554.660918                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07      1470983     99.75%     99.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08         3484      0.24%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08           27      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08           36      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08           37      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08           30      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08           29      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08           18      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08            9      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total         1474656                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        1465233.512934      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                21607169                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples        139630121                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        105227.905858                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       104856.213458                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev       10700.650217                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-32767                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-65535        68793      0.05%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-98303        14967      0.01%      0.06% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-131071    136771315     97.95%     98.01% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-163839      1369999      0.98%     98.99% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-196607      1007541      0.72%     99.72% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-229375        77976      0.06%     99.77% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-262143       304389      0.22%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-294911        12976      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-327679         2129      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::327680-360447           36      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::360448-393215            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::393216-425983            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::425984-458751            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::458752-491519            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total          139630121                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples               1                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean              20000                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20000.000000                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev               nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-1023                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total                 1                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples            139630124                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            105611.670781                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           64133.863260                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000               2487699      1.78%      1.78% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000           1575381      1.13%      2.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000          2136633      1.53%      4.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000          8141682      5.83%     10.27% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000          2447213      1.75%     12.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000          3678298      2.63%     14.66% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000          2884619      2.07%     16.72% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000          2922332      2.09%     18.82% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          2433575      1.74%     20.56% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000          4376980      3.13%     23.69% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000          4355245      3.12%     26.81% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000          2590741      1.86%     28.67% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000          2350756      1.68%     30.35% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000          4348021      3.11%     33.47% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          2437181      1.75%     35.21% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          3026262      2.17%     37.38% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000          2162417      1.55%     38.93% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000          5556613      3.98%     42.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000          2065787      1.48%     44.39% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000         4867113      3.49%     47.87% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows           72785576     52.13%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value          166608500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total              139630124                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples              84404                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          174714116.588076                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         1085898235.242375                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             55      0.07%      0.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000              8      0.01%      0.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             17      0.02%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             10      0.01%      0.11% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             16      0.02%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             10      0.01%      0.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000              7      0.01%      0.15% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             18      0.02%      0.17% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             11      0.01%      0.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             10      0.01%      0.19% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             22      0.03%      0.22% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             11      0.01%      0.23% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000              7      0.01%      0.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000              9      0.01%      0.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             20      0.02%      0.27% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000              4      0.00%      0.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            17      0.02%      0.30% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            84152     99.70%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            16500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value       9678124000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                84404                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples              139714528                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              105547.866121                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             64120.816166                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                 2489330      1.78%      1.78% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000             1577015      1.13%      2.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            2138492      1.53%      4.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            8151218      5.83%     10.28% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            2457812      1.76%     12.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            3682242      2.64%     14.67% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            2887061      2.07%     16.74% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            2931840      2.10%     18.83% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            2436678      1.74%     20.58% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            4379816      3.13%     23.71% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            4361852      3.12%     26.84% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            2594045      1.86%     28.69% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            2352717      1.68%     30.38% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            4350158      3.11%     33.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            2474633      1.77%     35.26% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            3026811      2.17%     37.43% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            2162673      1.55%     38.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            5557033      3.98%     42.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            2066959      1.48%     44.43% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           4869863      3.49%     47.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows             72766280     52.08%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value            166608500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                139714528                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples      1474656                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.994594                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.699555                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0            364832     24.74%     24.74% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1            752971     51.06%     75.80% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2            356846     24.20%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3                 7      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total       1474656                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples      1474656                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0          1474656    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total      1474656                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples            1474656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean             94.686506                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean                    0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev            20.473295                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-7                    104      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::8-15                   104      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::16-23                  180      0.01%      0.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::24-31                  213      0.01%      0.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-39                  430      0.03%      0.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::40-47                 1916      0.13%      0.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::48-55               251493     17.05%     17.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::56-63                22910      1.55%     18.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-71                 3583      0.24%     19.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::72-79                 4854      0.33%     19.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::80-87                 6259      0.42%     19.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::88-95                34078      2.31%     22.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::96-103              298324     20.23%     42.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::104-111             846561     57.41%     99.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::112-119               3551      0.24%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::120-127                 27      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-135                 26      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::136-143                 13      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::144-151                 27      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::152-159                  3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::total              1474656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples           1474656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             0.057213                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            0.334123                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-1               1458723     98.92%     98.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::2-3                 15081      1.02%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4-5                   663      0.04%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::6-7                    27      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8-9                    27      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::10-11                  19      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12-13                  27      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::14-15                  30      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-17                  22      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::18-19                  19      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::20-21                   9      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::22-23                   6      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::24-25                   2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::34-35                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total             1474656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.pimReqForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM req pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.pimRespForwardingFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM resp pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                   430420733                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                  82211654                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                   93333601                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     2974                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                    17                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses               512632387                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses               93336575                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.hits                        523754334                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.misses                       82214628                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                    605968962                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                   694520640                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         3                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses               694520643                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.hits                        694520640                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.misses                              3                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.accesses                    694520643                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.numCycles                     29493140368                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp2.system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp2.system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.committedInsts                  694481930                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.committedOps                    695462870                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            610842215                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     275256                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     84644642                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   610842215                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         1313133757                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         432977757                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads          3377951211                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          254448024                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    523824118                       # number of memory refs
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  430466922                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  93357196                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles               5979.009953                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              29493134388.990047                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.Branches                         84942246                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                171690697     24.68%     24.68% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   37402      0.01%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                62      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     24.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               430466922     61.89%     86.58% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               93357196     13.42%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::total                 695552279                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       7                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            82824                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          694576477                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            82824                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          8386.174020                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1389124104                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      1389124104                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst    694437815                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      694437815                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst    694437815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       694437815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst    694437815                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      694437815                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst        82825                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        82825                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst        82825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         82825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst        82825                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        82825                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   9686715730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9686715730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   9686715730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   9686715730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   9686715730                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   9686715730                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst    694520640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    694520640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst    694520640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    694520640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst    694520640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    694520640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 116954.008210                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116954.008210                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 116954.008210                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116954.008210                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 116954.008210                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116954.008210                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        82825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        82825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        82825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   9512324270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9512324270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   9512324270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9512324270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   9512324270                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9512324270                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 114848.466888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114848.466888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 114848.466888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114848.466888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 114848.466888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114848.466888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry              2464                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements         94386276                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          255.995810                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          429688470                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         94386276                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.552446                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   255.995810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.999984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1141895630                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1141895630                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data    336015587                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      336015587                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data     93307483                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      93307483                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         6473                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         6473                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         7134                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7134                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         8551                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8551                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data    429323070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       429323070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data    429329543                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      429329543                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data     94384363                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     94384363                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        15929                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        15929                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         1628                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1628                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         1611                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1611                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          161                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          161                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data     94400292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total      94400292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data     94401920                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total     94401920                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 10184412569510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 10184412569510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    983027819                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    983027819                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    157480934                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    157480934                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1839000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1839000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 10185395597329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 10185395597329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 10185395597329                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 10185395597329                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data    430399950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    430399950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data     93323412                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     93323412                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         8101                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         8101                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         8745                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8745                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         8712                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8712                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data    523723362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    523723362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data    523731463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    523731463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.219295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.219295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000171                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000171                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.200963                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.200963                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.184220                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.184220                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.018480                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.018480                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.180248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.180248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.180249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.180249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 107903.600192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107903.600192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 61713.090527                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61713.090527                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 97753.528243                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97753.528243                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 11422.360248                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11422.360248                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 107895.806057                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107895.806057                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 107893.945349                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107893.945349                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        39511                       # number of writebacks
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            39511                       # number of writebacks
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data         1574                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1574                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data     94384363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     94384363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        15929                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        15929                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1628                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1628                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          159                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          159                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data     94400292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     94400292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data     94401920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     94401920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 9986714826342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 9986714826342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    951102955                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    951102955                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    154239566                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    154239566                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      3218500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3218500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1521000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1521000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 9987665929297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 9987665929297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 9987820168863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 9987820168863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data    127616514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    127616514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     46872000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     46872000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data    174488514                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    174488514                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.219295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000171                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000171                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.200963                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.200963                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.004231                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004231                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.018251                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018251                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.180248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.180249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 105808.997475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105808.997475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 59708.892900                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59708.892900                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 94741.748157                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94741.748157                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 86986.486486                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86986.486486                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  9566.037736                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9566.037736                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 105801.218595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105801.218595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 105801.027870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105801.027870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry            314229                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                   415358001                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                  79515804                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                   89323376                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     2877                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     5                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses               494873805                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses               89326253                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.hits                        504681377                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.misses                       79518681                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                    584200058                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                   670242489                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                        12                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses               670242501                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.hits                        670242489                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.misses                             12                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.accesses                    670242501                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.numCycles                     28557391937                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp2.system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp2.system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.committedInsts                  670203403                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.committedOps                    671316095                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            589400426                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                   145                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     304431                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     81927175                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   589400426                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                          145                       # number of float instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1266033533                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         418305086                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  81                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                 64                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads          3260370200                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          246388397                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    504759874                       # number of memory refs
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  415411296                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  89348578                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              965311989.521050                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              27592079947.478951                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.966197                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.033803                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.Branches                         82263223                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                166621427     24.82%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   36479      0.01%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                89      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     24.82% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               415411296     61.87%     86.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               89348578     13.31%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::total                 671417870                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      28                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           109967                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          669947247                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           109967                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          6092.257195                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1340594945                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses      1340594945                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst    670132522                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      670132522                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst    670132522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       670132522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst    670132522                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      670132522                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst       109967                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       109967                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst       109967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        109967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst       109967                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       109967                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   9271900750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9271900750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   9271900750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   9271900750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   9271900750                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   9271900750                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst    670242489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    670242489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst    670242489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    670242489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst    670242489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    670242489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 84315.301409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84315.301409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 84315.301409                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84315.301409                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 84315.301409                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84315.301409                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst       109967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       109967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst       109967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       109967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst       109967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       109967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   9026279250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9026279250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   9026279250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9026279250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   9026279250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9026279250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 82081.708603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82081.708603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 82081.708603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82081.708603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 82081.708603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82081.708603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry              1600                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements         91297926                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          255.527755                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          413386320                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         91297926                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.527883                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   255.527755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.998155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.890625                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1100658742                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1100658742                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data    324039068                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      324039068                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data     89288558                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      89288558                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        15964                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        15964                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         8347                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8347                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         9771                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9771                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data    413327626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       413327626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data    413343590                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      413343590                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data     91285332                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     91285332                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        22057                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        22057                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         2971                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2971                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         3021                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         3021                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         1555                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1555                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data     91307389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total      91307389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data     91310360                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total     91310360                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 9834123186855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 9834123186855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1209374751                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1209374751                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    244027499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    244027499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     21039000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     21039000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        31000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        31000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 9835332561606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 9835332561606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 9835332561606                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 9835332561606                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data    415324400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    415324400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data     89310615                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     89310615                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        18935                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        18935                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        11368                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        11368                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        11326                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        11326                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data    504635015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    504635015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data    504653950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    504653950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.219793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.219793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000247                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000247                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.156905                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.156905                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.265746                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.265746                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.137295                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.137295                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.180937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.180937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.180937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.180937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 107729.500144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107729.500144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54829.521286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54829.521286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 80777.060245                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80777.060245                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 13529.903537                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13529.903537                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 107716.721169                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107716.721169                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 107713.216349                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107713.216349                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        49101                       # number of writebacks
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            49101                       # number of writebacks
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data         2969                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         2969                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data     91285332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     91285332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        22057                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        22057                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         2971                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2971                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           52                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1553                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         1553                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data     91307389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     91307389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data     91310360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     91310360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 9648525979087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 9648525979087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1165234803                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1165234803                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    240557000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    240557000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      3427501                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3427501                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     17935000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17935000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        29000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        29000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 9649691213890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 9649691213890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 9649931770890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 9649931770890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data    108201564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    108201564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     45294000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     45294000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data    153495564                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    153495564                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.219793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000247                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000247                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.156905                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.156905                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.004574                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004574                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.137118                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137118                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.180937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.180937                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180937                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 105696.345379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105696.345379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 52828.344879                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52828.344879                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 80968.360821                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80968.360821                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 65913.480769                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65913.480769                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 11548.615583                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11548.615583                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 105683.574129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105683.574129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 105682.769960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105682.769960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry            319533                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                          65                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                         63                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                      65                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                     63                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.hits                              128                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                          128                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                         287                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                     287                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.hits                              287                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.accesses                          287                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.numCycles                     29859694529                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp2.system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp2.system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.committedInsts                        281                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.committedOps                          371                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                  342                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_func_calls                         32                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts           25                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_int_insts                         342                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                574                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes               248                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads                1343                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes                 87                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                          134                       # number of memory refs
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_load_insts                         68                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_store_insts                        66                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              29859693586.429115                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                942.570884                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu2.Branches                               58                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                      245     64.64%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                      68     17.94%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                     66     17.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::total                       379                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses              574                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses             574                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            287                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total             287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst          287                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total            287                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          188.018668                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   188.018668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.734448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.734448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.734375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              260                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses             260                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           58                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             58                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           60                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            60                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data          118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total             118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data          120                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total            120                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total             4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data            4                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total            4                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        33000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data         4000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total         4000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        37000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total        37000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        37000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total        37000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.049180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.032787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.032258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        11000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data         4000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total         4000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data         9250                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total         9250                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data         9250                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total         9250                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        27000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data         2000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        29000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        29000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        29000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        29000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.049180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.032787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.032258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data         9000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data         2000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data         7250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         7250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data         7250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         7250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 1                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                          65                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                         63                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                      65                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                     63                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.hits                              128                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                          128                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                         287                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                     287                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.hits                              287                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.accesses                          287                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.numCycles                     29859694762                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp2.system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp2.system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.committedInsts                        281                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.committedOps                          371                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                  342                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_func_calls                         32                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts           25                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_int_insts                         342                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                574                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes               248                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads                1343                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes                 87                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                          134                       # number of memory refs
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_load_insts                         68                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_store_insts                        66                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              29859693817.404251                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                944.595748                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu3.Branches                               58                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                      245     64.64%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                      68     17.94%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                     66     17.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::total                       379                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses              574                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses             574                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            287                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total             287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst          287                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total            287                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          168.002709                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   168.002709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.656261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.656261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.656250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              260                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses             260                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           57                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             57                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           60                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            60                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total             117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data          119                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total            119                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data            5                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        35000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        35000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        21500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total        21500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        56500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total        56500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        56500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total        56500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.065574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.065574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.040984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.040984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.040323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.040323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data         8750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total         8750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        21500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        21500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        11300                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        11300                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        11300                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        11300                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        27000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        19500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        46500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        46500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        46500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        46500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.065574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.040984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.040323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data         6750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         6750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        19500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data         9300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data         9300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                          65                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                         63                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                      65                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                     63                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.hits                              128                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                          128                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                         287                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                     287                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.hits                              287                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.accesses                          287                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.numCycles                     29859695017                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp2.system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp2.system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.committedInsts                        281                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.committedOps                          371                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                  342                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_func_calls                         32                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts           25                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_int_insts                         342                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                574                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes               248                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads                1343                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes                 87                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                          134                       # number of memory refs
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_load_insts                         68                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_store_insts                        66                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              29859694046.081104                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                970.918897                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu4.Branches                               58                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                      245     64.64%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                      68     17.94%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                     66     17.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::total                       379                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses              574                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses             574                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            287                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total             287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst          287                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total            287                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          174.010088                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   174.010088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.679727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.679727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.679688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              260                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses             260                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           57                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             57                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           60                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            60                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total             117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data          119                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total            119                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data            5                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        47999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        47999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        21500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total        21500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        69499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total        69499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        69499                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total        69499                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.065574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.065574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.040984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.040984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.040323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.040323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 11999.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11999.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        21500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        21500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 13899.800000                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13899.800000                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 13899.800000                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13899.800000                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        39001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        39001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        19500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        58501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        58501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        58501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        58501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.065574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.040984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.040323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  9750.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9750.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        19500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 11700.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11700.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 11700.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11700.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                       73357                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         1                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                      60550                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                   73358                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                  60550                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.hits                           133907                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              1                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                       133908                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                      323429                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                  323429                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.hits                           323429                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.accesses                       323429                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.numCycles                     29859695072                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp2.system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp2.system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.committedInsts                     321195                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.committedOps                       371353                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses               340338                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_func_calls                      17907                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts        38035                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_int_insts                      340338                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads             608847                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes            234520                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads             1371259                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes             138151                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                       144121                       # number of memory refs
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_load_insts                      75527                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_store_insts                     68594                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              29857328156.255112                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              2366915.744886                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.000079                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.999921                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.Branches                            56251                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                   237153     62.00%     62.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                    1152      0.30%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                90      0.02%     62.32% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.32% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.32% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.32% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                   75527     19.74%     82.07% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                  68594     17.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::total                    382516                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                      16                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements             5324                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs             298408                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5324                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs            56.049587                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses           652182                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses          652182                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst       318105                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         318105                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst       318105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total          318105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst       318105                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total         318105                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst         5324                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         5324                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst         5324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total          5324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst         5324                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total         5324                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    485444446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    485444446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    485444446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    485444446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    485444446                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    485444446                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst       323429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       323429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst       323429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total       323429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst       323429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total       323429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 91180.399324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91180.399324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 91180.399324                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91180.399324                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 91180.399324                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91180.399324                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst         5324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst         5324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst         5324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    474753554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    474753554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    474753554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    474753554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    474753554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    474753554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 89172.342975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89172.342975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 89172.342975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89172.342975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 89172.342975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89172.342975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry               211                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements             1588                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          214.247659                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs              33568                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs            21.138539                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   214.247659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.836905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.836905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          205                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          205                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.800781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           269511                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses          269511                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data        70209                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          70209                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data        59518                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         59518                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          677                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          677                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          708                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          708                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          720                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          720                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data       129727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total          129727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data       130404                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total         130404                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data         1553                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1553                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          279                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          279                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           90                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           90                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           18                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           18                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data         1832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total          1832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data         1922                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total         1922                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     49487994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     49487994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     15817500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     15817500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      4883500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      4883500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1141000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1141000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     65305494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     65305494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     65305494                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     65305494                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data        71762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        71762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data        59797                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        59797                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          767                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          767                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          798                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          798                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          738                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          738                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data       131559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total       131559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data       132326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total       132326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.021641                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021641                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.004666                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004666                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.117340                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.117340                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.112782                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.112782                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.024390                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.024390                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.013925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.014525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 31866.061816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31866.061816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 56693.548387                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56693.548387                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54261.111111                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54261.111111                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 63388.888889                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63388.888889                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 35647.103712                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35647.103712                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 33977.884495                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33977.884495                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          549                       # number of writebacks
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total              549                       # number of writebacks
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         1553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           90                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           18                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         1832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         1922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     46378006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46378006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     15259500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15259500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      4883500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4883500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1105000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1105000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     61637506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61637506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     66521006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66521006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data      1022000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1022000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       559500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       559500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data      1581500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1581500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.021641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.004666                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004666                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.117340                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117340                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.024390                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024390                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.013925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.014525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 29863.493883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29863.493883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54693.548387                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54693.548387                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54261.111111                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54261.111111                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 61388.888889                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61388.888889                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 33644.926856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33644.926856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 34610.304891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34610.304891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry               136                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                       27074                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                        10                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                      24869                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                   27084                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                  24869                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.hits                            51943                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.misses                             10                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                        51953                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                      121410                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         1                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                  121411                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.hits                           121410                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.misses                              1                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.accesses                       121411                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.numCycles                     29859695016                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp2.system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp2.system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.committedInsts                     120888                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.committedOps                       133434                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses               120412                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_func_calls                       4792                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts        14552                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_int_insts                      120412                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads             220147                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes             80496                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads              490130                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes              48565                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                        54272                       # number of memory refs
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_load_insts                      27575                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_store_insts                     26697                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              29858910880.670574                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              784135.329427                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.000026                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.999974                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.Branches                            19469                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                    81359     59.82%     59.82% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                     349      0.26%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                22      0.02%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                   27575     20.28%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                  26697     19.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::total                    136002                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       7                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements             1549                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs             117660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1549                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs            75.958683                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses           244369                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses          244369                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst       119861                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         119861                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst       119861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total          119861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst       119861                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total         119861                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.inst         1549                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1549                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.inst         1549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total          1549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.inst         1549                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total         1549                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst    130969480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    130969480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst    130969480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    130969480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst    130969480                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    130969480                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst       121410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst       121410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total       121410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst       121410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total       121410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.012758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.012758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.012758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 84550.987734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84550.987734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 84550.987734                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84550.987734                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 84550.987734                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84550.987734                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst         1549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst         1549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst         1549                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1549                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst    127854520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    127854520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst    127854520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    127854520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst    127854520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    127854520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.012758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.012758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.012758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 82540.038735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82540.038735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 82540.038735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82540.038735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 82540.038735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82540.038735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                67                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements              508                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          192.192185                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs              14771                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs            29.076772                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   192.192185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.750751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.750751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          214                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          214                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.835938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           104497                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses          104497                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data        26027                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          26027                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu6.data        24503                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         24503                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          202                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          202                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          204                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          204                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          202                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          202                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data        50530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total           50530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data        50732                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total          50732                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data          586                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          586                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu6.data          143                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          143                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           21                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           15                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           15                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data          729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total           729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data          750                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total          750                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     28153000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     28153000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      8002999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8002999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      1164500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1164500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       554500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       554500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     36155999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     36155999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     36155999                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     36155999                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data        26613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        26613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data        24646                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        24646                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          223                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          223                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          226                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          226                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          217                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          217                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data        51259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total        51259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data        51482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total        51482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.022019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.005802                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005802                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.094170                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.094170                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.097345                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.097345                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.069124                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.069124                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.014222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.014568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 48042.662116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48042.662116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 55965.027972                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55965.027972                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 52931.818182                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52931.818182                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 36966.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36966.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 49596.706447                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49596.706447                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 48207.998667                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48207.998667                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          149                       # number of writebacks
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total              149                       # number of writebacks
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.data           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           15                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     26981000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26981000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      7716001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7716001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      1042000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1042000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       125500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       125500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       524500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       524500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     34697001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34697001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     35739001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     35739001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       411500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       411500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       189000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       189000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       600500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       600500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.022019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.005802                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005802                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.094170                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.094170                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.004425                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004425                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.069124                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069124                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.014222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.014568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 46042.662116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46042.662116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 53958.048951                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53958.048951                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 49619.047619                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49619.047619                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       125500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       125500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 34966.666667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34966.666667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 47595.337449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47595.337449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 47652.001333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47652.001333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                74                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        2176                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         1                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       1960                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    2177                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   1960                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.hits                             4136                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              1                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                         4137                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                        9996                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                    9996                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.hits                             9996                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.accesses                         9996                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.numCycles                     29493140617                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp2.system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp2.system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.committedInsts                       9816                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.committedOps                        11732                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                10860                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_func_calls                        685                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         1101                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       10860                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              19872                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes              7483                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads               43036                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes               4437                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                         4495                       # number of memory refs
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       2262                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      2233                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              29493057392.997936                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              83224.002065                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.000003                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.999997                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.Branches                             1826                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                     7593     62.61%     62.61% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      34      0.28%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.05%     62.94% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.94% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.94% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.94% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    2262     18.65%     81.59% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   2233     18.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::total                     12128                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              224                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs               8446                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              224                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs            37.705357                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            20216                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           20216                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst         9772                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           9772                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst         9772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total            9772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst         9772                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total           9772                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          224                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          224                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          224                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          224                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     15991999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15991999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     15991999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15991999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     15991999                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15991999                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst         9996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst         9996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total         9996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst         9996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total         9996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 71392.852679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71392.852679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 71392.852679                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71392.852679                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 71392.852679                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71392.852679                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     15543001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15543001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     15543001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15543001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     15543001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15543001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 69388.397321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69388.397321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 69388.397321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69388.397321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 69388.397321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69388.397321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                42                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements               74                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          226.411122                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs               4807                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               74                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            64.959459                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   226.411122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.884418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.884418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.859375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             8388                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses            8388                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         1994                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           1994                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         1885                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          1885                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           26                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           26                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           42                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           42                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data         3879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total            3879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data         3905                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total           3905                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          101                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          101                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          132                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          132                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3141999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3141999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1219500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1219500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       409000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       409000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       161000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       161000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4361499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      4361499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4361499                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      4361499                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         2095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         1911                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1911                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           31                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           31                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           48                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           48                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           47                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           47                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data         4006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total         4006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data         4037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.048210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013605                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013605                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.161290                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.161290                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.106383                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.106383                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.031702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.032698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 31108.900990                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31108.900990                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 46903.846154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46903.846154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        51125                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        51125                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        32200                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        32200                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 34342.511811                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34342.511811                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 33041.659091                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33041.659091                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           36                       # number of writebacks
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               36                       # number of writebacks
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           26                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2939001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2939001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1167500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1167500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       242000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       242000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       162000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       162000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       151000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       151000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4106501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4106501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4348501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4348501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        73000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        73000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       137000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       137000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.048210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013605                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013605                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.161290                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.161290                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.062500                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062500                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.106383                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.106383                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.031702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.032698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 29099.019802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29099.019802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 44903.846154                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44903.846154                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        48400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        48400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        54000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        30200                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        30200                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 32334.653543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32334.653543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 32943.189394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32943.189394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                20                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.offload_kernel 14746570297000 # Number of ticks simulated [timestamp2_sim_ticks]
