timestamp2.sim_seconds                                  9.862237                       # Number of seconds simulated
timestamp2.sim_ticks                                9862237151000                       # Number of ticks simulated
timestamp2.final_tick                               13814483161500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
timestamp2.sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
timestamp2.host_inst_rate                                1062653                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
timestamp2.host_op_rate                                  1128747                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
timestamp2.host_tick_rate                             1218076593                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
timestamp2.host_mem_usage                                1555104                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
timestamp2.host_seconds                                  8096.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
timestamp2.sim_insts                                  8603837417                       # Number of instructions simulated
timestamp2.sim_ops                                    9138977801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
timestamp2.system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgQLat                   nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgBusLat                 nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate           nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgGap                    nan                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.pageHitRate               nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE 9647889642900                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF 214346874600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::4               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::5               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::6               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::7               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::4              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::5              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::6              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::7              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::4 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::5 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::6 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::7 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::4 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::5 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::6 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::7 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::4 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::5 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::6 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::7 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::4   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::5   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::6   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::7   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::0     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::1     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::2     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::3     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::4     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::5     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::6     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::7     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgQLat                   nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgBusLat                 nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate           nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgGap                    nan                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.pageHitRate               nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE 9647889642900                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF 214346874600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::4               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::5               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::6               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::7               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::4              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::5              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::6              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::7              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::4 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::5 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::6 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::7 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::4 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::5 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::6 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::7 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::4 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::5 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::6 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::7 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::4   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::5   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::6   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::7   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::0     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::1     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::2     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::3     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::4     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::5     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::6     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::7     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total              9728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks         9728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total           9728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu1.data           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total                 38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks           38                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total                38                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst           26                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu0.data           26                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst          441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu1.data          286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst           26                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu6.data           78                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst           78                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu7.data           26                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total                  986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst           26                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          441                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst           26                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst           78                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total             571                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks            986                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total                 986                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks            986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst           26                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu0.data           26                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst          441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu1.data          286                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst           26                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu6.data           78                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst           78                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           26                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total                1973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                         38                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                        38                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                      304                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                     304                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                  9728                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                   9472                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                   9728                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                9728                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           13                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4               32                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8               32                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10              72                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15              40                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7               32                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10              64                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11              23                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15              17                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 9862255584000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                  304                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                 304                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                     38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                     38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                     38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                     38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                     38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                     38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                     38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                     38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples           87                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   220.689655                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.993258                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.174419                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::32-63           10     11.49%     11.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::96-127            2      2.30%     13.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::160-191            2      2.30%     16.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::224-255           10     11.49%     27.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-287           63     72.41%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total           87                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     22.769231                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    20.141328                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    12.152872                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8                2     15.38%     15.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16               3     23.08%     38.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24               6     46.15%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32               1      7.69%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::56               1      7.69%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total           13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     22.769231                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    22.398218                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     4.206222                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16               2     15.38%     15.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18               1      7.69%     23.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      7.69%     30.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24               8     61.54%     92.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::32               1      7.69%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total           13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                    10241200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat               15394000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                    972800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    33688.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               50638.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     36.08                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                     266                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                    247                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               81.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                 129766520842.11                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   84.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE  9647864054600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF   214346874600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT       25588300                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0                 919296                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1                 946512                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::2           947116.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::3           894499.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::4           935020.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::5           761443.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::6           769910.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::7                 786240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0                 620160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1                 638520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::2                 638928                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::3                 603432                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::4                 630768                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::5           513672.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::6                 519384                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::7                 530400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0          3563289.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1               3684096                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::2          3810892.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::3          3570278.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::4          3615705.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::5          2943782.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::6               2952768                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::7               3047616                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0         1605795.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1         1635655.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2         1565982.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3         1466864.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::4         1638973.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::5         1323786.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::6         1333739.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::7         1357378.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::4       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::5       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::6       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::7       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        13489028568                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1       13489138117.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2       13488085249.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3       13489892159.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::4       13491069405.120001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::5       13486506413.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::6       13487570115.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::7       13486247971.199999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0       641230309248                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1       641230213152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2       641231136720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3       641229551712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::4       641228519040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::5       641232521664                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::6       641231588592                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::7       641232748368                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         701107010036.160034                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         701107219731.839966                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2         701107148568.960083                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3         701106942624                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::4         701107372591.680054                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::5         701105534440.320068                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::6         701105698188.479980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::7         701105681652.479980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0           64.414052                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1           64.414071                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::2           64.414065                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::3           64.414046                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::4           64.414085                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::5           64.413917                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::6           64.413932                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::7           64.413930                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total             12032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::total         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::writebacks         8192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total           8192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu1.data           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total                 47                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::writebacks           32                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total                32                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu0.data           78                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst          493                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu1.data          363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu5.data           26                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst           78                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu7.data           52                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total                 1220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          493                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst           78                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::total             571                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::writebacks            831                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total                 831                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::writebacks            831                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu0.data           78                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst          493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu1.data          363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu5.data           26                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst           78                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           52                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total                2051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                         47                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                        32                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                      376                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                     256                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM                 12032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                   8192                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                  12032                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys                8192                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            9                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0               32                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3               40                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::8               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::9               32                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::10              24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::11              48                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::13              24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::14              32                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::15              48                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0               40                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3               49                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::8               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::9               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::10              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::11              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::13               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::14              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::15              39                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                 9859930319000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                  376                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                 256                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                     46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                     46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                     46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                     46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                     46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                     46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                     46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                     46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples           90                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   224.711111                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   196.505776                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev    72.270597                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::32-63           10     11.11%     11.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::64-95            1      1.11%     12.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::192-223            1      1.11%     13.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::224-255           10     11.11%     24.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-287           68     75.56%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total           90                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples           11                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean     34.181818                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    30.248222                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.217215                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8                1      9.09%      9.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::16               1      9.09%     18.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::24               1      9.09%     27.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::32               4     36.36%     63.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::40               1      9.09%     72.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::48               1      9.09%     81.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::56               2     18.18%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total           11                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples           11                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean     23.272727                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.196254                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.848833                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::18               1      9.09%      9.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      9.09%     18.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24               9     81.82%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total           11                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                    10065200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat               16438400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                   1203200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    26769.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               43719.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     34.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                     329                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                    213                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               83.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                 124809244544.30                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   85.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE  9647860416350                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF   214346874600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT       29226550                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::0           905990.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::1           980985.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::2           900547.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::3           849139.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::4           890265.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::5                 834624                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::6           760233.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::7           973123.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::0                 611184                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::1                 661776                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::2                 607512                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::3                 572832                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::4                 600576                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::5                 563040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::6                 512856                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::7                 656472                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::0          3507878.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::1          3822374.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::2          3661132.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::3          3291724.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::4          3431500.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::5               3224832                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::6               2975232                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::7               3674112                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0         1592524.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1         1725649.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2         1473085.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3         1423319.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::4         1542758.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::5         1449861.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::6         1320468.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::7         1721917.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::4       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::5       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::6       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::7       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0       13488559070.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1       13489634537.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2       13486719548.160002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3       13488575869.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::4       13491115752.960001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::5       13486850219.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::6       13483939772.160002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::7       13493714405.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0       641230721088                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1       641229777696                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2       641232334704                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3       641230706352                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::4       641228478384                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::5       641232220080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::6       641234773104                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::7       641226198864                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0         701106861414.719971                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1         701107566697.920044                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2         701106660208.320068                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3         701106382915.199951                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::4         701107022916.479980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::5         701106106335.359985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::6         701105245344.960083                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::7         701107902573.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::0           64.414038                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::1           64.414103                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::2           64.414020                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::3           64.413994                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::4           64.414053                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::5           64.413969                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::6           64.413890                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::7           64.414134                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    890335768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_read::total    890335768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_written::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data         1600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         1600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    222583942                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_reads::total    222583942                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_writes::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data          400                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_writes::total          400                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     90277262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_read::total       90277262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_write::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data          162                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_write::total           162                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     90277424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_total::total      90277424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readReqs            222583942                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeReqs                 400                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readBursts          222583942                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeBursts               400                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM      7121833600                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ           852544                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWritten            10880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadSys        890335768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys          1600                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ           26642                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts             61                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0     13982351                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1     13801455                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2     13847398                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3     13894649                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4     13737342                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5     13958386                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6     14030909                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7     13889281                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8     14006013                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9     13943014                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10     13978142                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11     13978412                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12     13816923                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13     13889077                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14     13900287                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15     13903661                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           25                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           17                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           28                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           21                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           22                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           21                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           25                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8           26                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9           20                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           10                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           20                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           23                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           20                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           17                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           21                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totGap           9862236265500                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::2      222583942                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::2           400                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0        222557300                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15               2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16               2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17              12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23              20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples    113313974                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    62.850540                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    62.413079                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev     6.108635                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-47      4139234      3.65%      3.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::64-79    109139460     96.32%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::96-111         1638      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-143        33640      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::192-207            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total    113313974                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples           21                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean 10362849.952381                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 9763527.063773                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 3698490.218567                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            1      4.76%      4.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            1      4.76%      9.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            1      4.76%     14.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            1      4.76%     19.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            3     14.29%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            1      4.76%     38.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            1      4.76%     42.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            1      4.76%     47.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            4     19.05%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1.15343e+07-1.20586e+07            1      4.76%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1.20586e+07-1.25829e+07            1      4.76%     76.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1.36315e+07-1.41558e+07            2      9.52%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1.46801e+07-1.52044e+07            2      9.52%     95.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1.99229e+07-2.04472e+07            1      4.76%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total           21                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples           21                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.190476                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.180489                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.601585                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           19     90.48%     90.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            2      9.52%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total           21                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totQLat          2818857326400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totMemAccLat     6591203561400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totBusLat        712183360000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgQLat              12665.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat         29615.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBW                722.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys              90.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtil                  7.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilRead              7.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrQLen               25.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHits         109243624                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHits               42                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHitRate          49.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate         12.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgGap               44307.86                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.pageHitRate             49.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12347365100                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF 214346874600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT 9635542264050                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::0     8709113347.199999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::1       8747573184                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::2     8689507545.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::3       8791880832                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::4     8764334006.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::5     8803315785.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::6       8712791136                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::7       8765832096                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::0       5875195512                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::1       5901140640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::2       5861969376                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::3       5931030720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::4       5912447544                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::5       5938744776                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::6       5877676560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::7       5913458160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::0     14163369792                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::1    14263684531.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::2    14138967398.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::3    14317041523.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::4    14267235340.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::5     14338022400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::6    14173175078.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::7    14391334963.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0   38867973.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1   38835210.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2   38926033.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3   38808668.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::4   38804106.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::5   38876682.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::6   38870046.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::7   38865070.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::4 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::5 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::6 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::7 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0 589447680523.199951                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1 592800130543.680054                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2 586152385378.560059                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3 591519426344.640015                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::4 589904908585.920044                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::5 593203728026.880005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::6 592949024156.159912                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::7 596006568397.439941                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0 136003421568.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1 133062675936                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2 138894031344                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3 134186100672.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::4 135602344320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::5 132708643056                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::6 132932067504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::7 130250011152.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0   800618612394.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1   801195003723.840088                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2   800156750755.200073                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3   801165252438.719971                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::4   800871037582.080078                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::5   801412294405.440063                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::6   801064568159.999878                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::7   801747033517.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::0     73.556659                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::1     73.609614                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::2     73.514225                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::3     73.606881                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::4     73.579850                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::5     73.629578                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::6     73.597631                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::7     73.660332                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu6.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total             13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks        12288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          12288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu1.data           20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total                 52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks           48                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total                48                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst           26                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu0.data          156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst          441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu1.data          519                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu6.itb.walker           26                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst           78                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total                 1350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst           26                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          441                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst           78                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total             545                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks           1246                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total                1246                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks           1246                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst           26                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu0.data          156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst          441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu1.data          519                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu6.itb.walker           26                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst           78                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total                2596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                         52                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                        48                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                      416                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                     384                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                 13312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                  12032                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                  13312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys               12288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          794                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0               88                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3               40                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8               32                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13              24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14              80                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0               57                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1               23                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3               32                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4               32                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7               32                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8               40                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14              48                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 9862225176000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                  416                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                 384                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                     51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                     51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                     51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                     52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                     52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                     52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                     52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples          115                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   220.382609                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   189.042618                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.265416                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-63           15     13.04%     13.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::64-95            1      0.87%     13.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::192-223            1      0.87%     14.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::224-255           15     13.04%     27.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-287           83     72.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total          115                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples           16                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     25.500000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    23.612545                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.338094                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8                1      6.25%      6.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16               4     25.00%     31.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24               4     25.00%     56.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32               5     31.25%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40               2     12.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total           16                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples           16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     23.500000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.425878                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.751190                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      6.25%      6.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      6.25%     12.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24              14     87.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total           16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                    11848400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat               18899600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                   1331200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    28481.73                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               45431.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     28.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                     364                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                    313                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               81.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 98622251760.00                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   84.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  9647858676750                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF   214346874600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT       29990150                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0                1043280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1                 934416                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::2           1042070.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::3           905990.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::4           993081.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::5           803174.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::6           906595.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::7           1016668.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0                 703800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1                 630360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::2           702984.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::3                 611184                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::4                 669936                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::5                 541824                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::6                 611592                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::7                 685848                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0          4016563.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1               3656640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::2          4207257.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::3               3584256                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::4               3826368                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::5          3052108.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::6          3445478.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::7               3868800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0         1861678.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1         1615749.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2         1745141.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3         1516216.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::4         1705328.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::5         1390141.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::6         1612431.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::7         1775001.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::4       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::5       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::6       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::7       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0       13489762636.799999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1       13489619817.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2       13490073282.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3       13486744609.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::4       13493385593.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::5       13488975982.080002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::6       13490273885.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::7       13492786135.680002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0       641229665328                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1       641229790608                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2       641229392832                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3       641232312720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::4       641226487296                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::5       641230355376                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::6       641229216864                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::7       641227013136                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         701108016964.800049                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         701107211269.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2         701108127246.719971                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3         701106638655.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::4         701108031282.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::5         701106082285.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::6         701107030525.440063                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::7         701108109268.800049                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0           64.414145                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1           64.414071                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::2           64.414155                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::3           64.414018                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::4           64.414146                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::5           64.413967                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::6           64.414054                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::7           64.414153                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgQLat                   nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgBusLat                 nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat              nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate           nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgGap                    nan                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.pageHitRate               nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE 9647889642900                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF 214346874600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::4               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::5               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::6               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::7               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::4              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::5              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::6              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::7              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::4 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::5 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::6 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::7 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::4 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::5 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::6 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::7 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::4 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::5 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::6 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::7 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::4   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::5   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::6   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::7   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::0     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::1     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::2     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::3     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::4     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::5     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::6     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::7     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgQLat                   nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgBusLat                 nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat              nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate           nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgGap                    nan                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.pageHitRate               nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE 9647889642900                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF 214346874600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::4               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::5               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::6               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::7               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::4              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::5              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::6              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::7              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::4 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::5 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::6 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::7 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::4 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::5 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::6 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::7 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::4 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::5 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::6 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::7 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::4   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::5   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::6   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::7   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::0     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::1     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::2     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::3     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::4     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::5     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::6     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::7     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total              9472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks         7424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total           7424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total                 37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks           29                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total                29                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst           26                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu0.data           52                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst          441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu1.data          208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst          104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total                  960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst           26                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          441                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          104                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total             571                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks            753                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total                 753                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks            753                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst           26                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu0.data           52                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst          441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu1.data          208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst          104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total                1713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                         37                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                        29                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                      296                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                     232                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                  9472                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                   6912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                   9472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                7424                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          570                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2               40                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13              24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15              24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2               32                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                1                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10              24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15              55                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 9856629429000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                  296                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                 232                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                     37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                     37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                     37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                     37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                     37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                     37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                     37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples           73                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   224.438356                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   194.872435                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    73.416806                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::32-63            9     12.33%     12.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::224-255            9     12.33%     24.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-287           55     75.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total           73                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples            9                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     27.555556                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.745366                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    12.073847                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     11.11%     11.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     11.11%     22.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24               3     33.33%     55.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32               2     22.22%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40               1     11.11%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48               1     11.11%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total            9                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples            9                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               9    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total            9                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                     7385200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat               12402400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                    947200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     29.68                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                     259                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                    180                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               77.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                 149342870136.36                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   83.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  9647868664050                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF   214346874600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT       20978850                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0           885427.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1           977961.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::2                 901152                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::3           930182.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::4           936835.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::5           760233.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::6                 831600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::7           881798.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0                 597312                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1                 659736                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::2                 607920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::3                 627504                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::4                 631992                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::5                 512856                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::6                 561000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::7                 594864                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0          3342643.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1          3921715.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::2          3513369.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::3          3693081.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::4          3588249.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::5               2887872                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::6          3215347.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::7          3391564.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0         1615749.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1         1625702.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2         1549808.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3         1546076.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::4         1662197.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::5              1327104                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::6         1446543.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::7         1539440.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::4       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::5       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::6       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::7       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0       13488005960.640001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1       13489994759.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2       13488470588.160002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3       13490193611.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::4       13488929907.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::5       13485876860.160002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::6       13488072828.480001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::7       13488091761.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0       641231206272                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1       641229461712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2       641230798704                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3       641229287280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::4       641230395792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::5       641233073904                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::6       641231147616                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::7       641231131008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         701106617042.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         701107605264.960083                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2         701106805221.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3         701107241414.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::4         701107108653.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::5         701105402508.479980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::6         701106238613.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::7         701106594116.160034                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0           64.414016                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1           64.414107                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::2           64.414033                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::3           64.414073                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::4           64.414061                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::5           64.413904                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::6           64.413981                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::7           64.414014                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgQLat                   nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgBusLat                 nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat              nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate           nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgGap                    nan                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.pageHitRate               nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE 9647889642900                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF 214346874600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::4               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::5               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::6               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::7               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::4              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::5              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::6              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::7              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::4 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::5 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::6 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::7 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::4 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::5 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::6 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::7 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::4 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::5 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::6 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::7 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::4   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::5   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::6   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::7   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::0     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::1     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::2     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::3     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::4     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::5     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::6     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::7     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgQLat                   nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgBusLat                 nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat              nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate           nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgGap                    nan                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.pageHitRate               nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE 9647889642900                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF 214346874600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::4               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::5               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::6               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::7               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::4              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::5              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::6              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::7              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::4 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::5 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::6 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::7 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::4 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::5 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::6 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::7 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::4 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::5 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::6 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::7 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::4   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::5   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::6   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::7   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::0     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::1     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::2     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::3     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::4     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::5     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::6     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::7     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total             13568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::total         6656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::writebacks        11520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total          11520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu1.data           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total                 53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::writebacks           45                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total                45                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst           26                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu0.data          130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst          519                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu1.data          415                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst          130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu7.data           52                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total                 1376                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst           26                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          519                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          130                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::total             675                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::writebacks           1168                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total                1168                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::writebacks           1168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst           26                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu0.data          130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst          519                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu1.data          415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst          130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           52                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total                2544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                         53                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                        45                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                      424                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                     360                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM                 13568                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                  11520                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                  13568                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys               11520                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           26                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2               40                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3               32                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::8               40                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::9                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::10              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::11              40                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::12              24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::13              48                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::14              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::15              72                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2               48                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3               48                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::8               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::9               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::10              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::11              24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::12               9                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::13              39                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::14              24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::15              48                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                 9862236861000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                  424                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                 360                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                     53                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                     53                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                     53                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                     53                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                     53                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                     53                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                     53                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                     53                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples          112                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean          224                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   194.135395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev    73.650746                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::32-63           14     12.50%     12.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::224-255           14     12.50%     25.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-287           84     75.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total          112                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples           15                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    26.344029                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    13.063945                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8                1      6.67%      6.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16               3     20.00%     26.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::24               3     20.00%     46.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::32               4     26.67%     73.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::40               2     13.33%     86.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::48               1      6.67%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::56               1      6.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total           15                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples           15                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24              15    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total           15                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                    12097600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat               19284400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                   1356800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    28532.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               45482.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     35.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                     371                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                    301                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               83.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                 100635070010.20                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   85.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE  9647854466300                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF   214346874600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT       34364600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::0           844905.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::1           1049932.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::2                 855792                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::3           896918.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::4           848534.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::5                 819504                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::6           857606.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::7           958003.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::0                 569976                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::1                 708288                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::2                 577320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::3                 605064                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::4                 572424                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::5                 552840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::6                 578544                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::7                 646272                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::0          3282739.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::1               4065984                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::2               3424512                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::3          3565785.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::4          3318681.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::5          3147955.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::6               3264768                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::7          3620697.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0         1516216.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1         1838039.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2         1433272.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3         1496309.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::4         1499627.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::5         1443225.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::6         1493406.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::7         1632337.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::4       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::5       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::6       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::7       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0       13486387999.680002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1       13492617652.799999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2       13486624116.480001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3       13487396762.880001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::4       13486604417.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::5        13487913648                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::6       13488789988.799999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::7       13494883334.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0       641232625536                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1       641227160928                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2       641232418416                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3       641231740656                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::4       641232435696                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::5       641231287248                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::6       641230518528                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::7       641225173488                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0         701106191051.520020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1         701108404503.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2         701106297107.520020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3         701106665175.359985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::4         701106243059.520020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::5         701106128099.520020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::6         701106466520.640015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::7         701107877811.840088                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::0           64.413977                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::1           64.414180                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::2           64.413987                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::3           64.414020                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::4           64.413982                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::5           64.413971                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::6           64.414002                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::7           64.414132                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total             10752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::total         5888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::writebacks         9728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total           9728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total                 42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::writebacks           38                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total                38                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst          104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu0.data           78                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst          441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu1.data          234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          182                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst           52                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total                 1090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          104                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          441                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst           52                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::total             597                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::writebacks            986                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total                 986                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::writebacks            986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst          104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu0.data           78                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst          441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu1.data          234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst           52                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total                2077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                         42                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                        38                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                      336                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                     304                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                 10752                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                   9472                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                  10752                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                9728                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           22                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4               48                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10              40                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12              24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14              24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4               48                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9               17                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10              40                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12              24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15              15                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 9859934020000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                  336                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                 304                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                     42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                     42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                     42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                     42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                     42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                     42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                     42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                     42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples           91                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   222.241758                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.207043                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.328516                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::32-63           12     13.19%     13.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::224-255           12     13.19%     26.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-287           67     73.63%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total           91                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples           12                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     26.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    22.265261                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    14.202006                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8                3     25.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16               1      8.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24               2     16.67%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32               2     16.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40               3     25.00%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::48               1      8.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total           12                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples           12                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     24.666667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.582316                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.309401                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24              11     91.67%     91.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::32               1      8.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total           12                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                     9299200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat               14994400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                   1075200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    27676.19                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               44626.19                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     34.89                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                     294                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                    247                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               81.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                 123249175250.00                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   84.53                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE  9647865516200                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF   214346874600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT       22973700                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0           907804.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1                 946512                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::2           890870.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::3           954979.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::4           968889.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::5           818294.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::6           824342.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::7                 840672                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0                 612408                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1                 638520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::2                 600984                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::3                 644232                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::4                 653616                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::5                 552024                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::6                 556104                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::7                 567120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0          3527347.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1               3716544                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::2               3432000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::3               3916224                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::4          3716044.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::5          3151948.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::6               3187392                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::7          3127987.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0         1645608.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1              1658880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2         1542758.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3         1522851.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::4         1685836.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::5         1433272.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::6         1426636.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::7         1479720.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::4       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::5       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::6       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::7       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0       13487736519.360001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        13487154408                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2       13491097750.080002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3       13489370622.719999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::4       13492005062.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::5       13487783086.080002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::6       13487814823.680002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::7       13489766521.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0       641231442624                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1       641231953248                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2       641228494176                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3       641230009200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::4       641227698288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::5       641231401776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::6       641231373936                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::7       641229661920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         701106835991.040039                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         701107031790.719971                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2         701107022217.599976                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3         701107381788.479980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::4         701107691416.320068                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::5         701106104080.319946                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::6         701106146913.600098                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::7         701106407620.800049                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0           64.414036                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1           64.414054                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::2           64.414053                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::3           64.414086                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::4           64.414115                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::5           64.413969                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::6           64.413973                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::7           64.413997                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total             15616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::total         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::writebacks        11776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total          11776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu1.data           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu6.data           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total                 61                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::writebacks           46                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total                46                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst           52                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu0.data          182                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst          415                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu1.data          389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu5.data           26                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst          104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu7.data           26                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total                 1583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst           52                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          415                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          104                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::total             571                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::writebacks           1194                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total                1194                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::writebacks           1194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst           52                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu0.data          182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst          415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu1.data          389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu5.data           26                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst          104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           26                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total                2777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                         61                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                        46                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                      488                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                     368                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM                 15616                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                  11776                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                  15616                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys               11776                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         1953                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3               64                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4               48                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::8               40                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::9                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::10              32                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::11              64                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::12              24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::13              40                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::14               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::15              56                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0               15                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1               32                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2               32                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3               40                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4               32                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::8                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::9               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::10              32                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::11              56                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::12              24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::13              24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::15              41                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                 9862232715000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                  488                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                 368                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                     61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                     61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                     61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                     61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                     61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                     61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                     61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                     61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples          123                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   222.699187                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   194.562408                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev    72.763702                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::32-63           14     11.38%     11.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      3.25%     14.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::224-255           14     11.38%     26.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-287           91     73.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total          123                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples           16                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean     30.500000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    14.075984                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::0-1              1      6.25%      6.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            2     12.50%     18.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::24-25            3     18.75%     37.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::32-33            5     31.25%     68.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::40-41            4     25.00%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            1      6.25%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total           16                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples           16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean            23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    22.755323                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.464102                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::16               1      6.25%      6.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::19               2     12.50%     18.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::21               2     12.50%     31.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24              10     62.50%     93.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::32               1      6.25%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total           16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                    14564800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat               22836400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                   1561600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    29845.90                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               46795.90                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     35.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                     427                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                    306                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate               83.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                 92170399205.61                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   85.63                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE  9647854117900                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF   214346874600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT       35511250                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::0           875750.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::1           993686.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::2           863049.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::3           965260.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::4           850348.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::5           875145.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::6           785635.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::7           933811.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::0                 590784                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::1           670344.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::2                 582216                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::3                 651168                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::4                 573648                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::5                 590376                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::6                 529992                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::7                 629952                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::0          3311193.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::1               3778944                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::2          3423014.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::3          3845337.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::4               3252288                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::5          3315686.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::6          3080563.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::7          3629683.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0         1609113.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1         1745141.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2         1463132.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3         1605795.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::4         1499627.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::5         1539440.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::6         1356963.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::7         1592939.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::4       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::5       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::6       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::7       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0       13487575587.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1        13491170856                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2       13488126891.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3       13490729648.640001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::4       13487401961.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::5       13489974895.680002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::6       13486507289.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::7       13490815559.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0       641231583792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1       641228430048                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2       641231100192                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3       641228817072                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::4       641231736096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::5       641229479136                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::6       641232520896                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::7       641228741712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0         701106509900.159912                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1         701107752698.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2         701106522174.719971                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3         701107577961.599976                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::4         701106277648.320068                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::5         701106738359.040039                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::6         701105745018.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::7         701107307335.680054                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::0           64.414006                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::1           64.414120                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::2           64.414007                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::3           64.414104                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::4           64.413985                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::5           64.414027                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::6           64.413936                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::7           64.414079                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgQLat                   nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgBusLat                 nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate           nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgGap                    nan                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.pageHitRate               nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 9647889642900                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF 214346874600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::4               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::5               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::6               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::7               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::4              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::5              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::6              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::7              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::4 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::5 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::6 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::7 46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::4 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::5 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::6 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::7 13464921507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::4 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::5 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::6 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::7 641251455792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::4   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::5   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::6   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::7   701097340978.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::0     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::1     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::2     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::3     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::4     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::5     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::6     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::7     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   6295710188                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data   1798848164                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    229106842                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    229019308                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::total   8552684502                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   6295710188                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total   6295710188                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    899206496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data        16800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data        16800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::total    899240097                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   1573927547                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    449724924                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data    114553421                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data    114509654                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::total   2252715546                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    224811648                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         6300                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         6300                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::total    224824249                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst    638365321                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    182397577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     23230717                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     23221842                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::total    867215457                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst    638365321                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total    638365321                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     91176726                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data         1703                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data         1703                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data            0                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::total     91180133                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst    638365321                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    273574304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     23232421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     23223545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::total    958395591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total             12288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::total         6144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::writebacks         9984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total           9984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu1.data           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total                 48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::writebacks           39                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total                39                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu0.data          130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           26                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst          441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu1.data          286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu5.data           26                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           26                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst          182                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu7.data           26                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total                 1246                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          441                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          182                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::total             623                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::writebacks           1012                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total                1012                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::writebacks           1012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu0.data          130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           26                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst          441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu1.data          286                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu5.data           26                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           26                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst          182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           26                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total                2258                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                         48                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                        39                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                      384                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                     312                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM                 12288                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                   9984                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                  12288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys                9984                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         1004                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0               48                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2               32                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4               32                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6               32                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::8               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::10              24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::11              40                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::12               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::13              32                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::15              32                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0               55                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2               17                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3               40                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4               32                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::9                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::10               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::11              32                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::12               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::13              24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::14              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::15              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                 9862237704000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                  384                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                 312                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                     47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                     47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                     47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                     47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                     47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                     47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                     47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                     47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples           99                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   224.969697                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   195.769569                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev    72.778312                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::32-63           12     12.12%     12.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::224-255           12     12.12%     24.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-287           75     75.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total           99                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean     28.923077                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    26.377439                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    13.281952                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::16               4     30.77%     30.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::24               4     30.77%     61.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::32               1      7.69%     69.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::40               2     15.38%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::48               1      7.69%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::56               1      7.69%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total           13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24              13    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total           13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                    10668800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat               17177600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                   1228800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    27783.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               44733.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     29.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                     336                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                    261                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               83.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                 113359054068.97                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   85.78                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE  9647865552800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF   214346874600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT       24887850                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::0           900547.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::1           959212.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::2                 967680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::3           863654.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::4                 864864                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::5           782611.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::6                 731808                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::7           954374.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::0                 607512                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::1                 647088                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::2                 652800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::3                 582624                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::4                 583440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::5                 527952                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::6                 493680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::7           643824.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::0          3446476.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::1          3799910.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::2          3872793.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::3          3487411.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::4          3272755.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::5          3003187.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::6          2851430.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::7               3679104                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0         1599160.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1         1659294.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2         1595842.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3         1433272.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::4         1552711.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::5         1353646.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::6         1260748.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::7         1619066.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::4       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::5       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::6       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::7       46380963678.720009                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0       13490536432.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1       13489012863.360001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2       13488764762.880001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3       13486454976.960001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::4       13488313432.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::5       13487246447.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::6       13483423324.799999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::7       13492561072.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0       641228986560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1       641230323024                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2       641230540656                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3       641232566784                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::4       641230936560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::5       641231872512                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::6       641235226128                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::7       641227210560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0         701107040367.359985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1         701107365072                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2         701107358213.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3         701106352401.599976                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::4         701106487441.919922                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::5         701105750034.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::6         701104950798.720093                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::7         701107631680.319946                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::0           64.414055                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::1           64.414085                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::2           64.414084                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::3           64.413992                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::4           64.414004                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::5           64.413936                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::6           64.413863                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::7           64.414109                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq           229067463                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp          229067463                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              14595                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             14595                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback               315                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             8027                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1171                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4391                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                34                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               34                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        12076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave    458166012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total    458178088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.membus.pkt_count::total              458178088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        24152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave    458337159                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    458361311                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.membus.pkt_size::total               458361311                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 114533731500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 229072795000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     14595000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      7297500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback      5197500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      4026474                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       585500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      2195500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        17000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       561000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq      9599336                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     15132852                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq          133                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp          239                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback           14                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            8                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp           18                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq       289000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       587500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         8500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback        54498                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq          500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.failedReq                       9599493                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.failedResp                     15133109                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.membus.pimReqSuccess                 229075676                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.membus.pimReqFail                      9599457                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                294000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.pimRespSuccess                229075676                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.membus.pimRespFail                    15133061                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime               534000                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime              352498                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime             590500                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.snoops                             4807                       # Total snoops (count)
timestamp2.system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              9891                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    9891    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                9891                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4016000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                6038                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy        114551720500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded           229080760                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy       229082849000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded          229086483                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq          229063419                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp         229063419                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq             12601                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp            12601                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback              315                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            3411                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           980                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           4391                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq               34                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp              34                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          435                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          343                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         1025                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           41                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          509                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    114537832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total    114540313                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          423                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          291                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port           43                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         1011                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           57                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    114537846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total    114540296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          293                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port           41                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           38                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         1011                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           37                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           29                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    114537872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total    114540297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         1027                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           49                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           38                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          547                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    114537802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total    114540299                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total             458161205                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port         4352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port         6144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port         4096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port         4864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         7168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         7424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         5888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port         5120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    114539918                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total    114584974                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port         5888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port         3840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port         5888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port         5632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         6400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         6144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         4864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port         6656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    114539900                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total    114585212                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port         7168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port         3072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port         4608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port         4352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         7168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         5632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         4096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port         3584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    114539983                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total    114579663                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port         8192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port         3840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port         5888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port         4608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         6656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         5888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         5376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port         6912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    114539950                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total    114587310                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total              458337159                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 250422217600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 566247682000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     26024000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     17955500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback      2961000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      4775400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      1372000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      6143009                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        47600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       334500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     15476465                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq          182                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1547901500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        18200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.failedReq                     15476647                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.failedResp                           0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                229075676                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                    15476647                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime           1547919700                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess               229075676                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime         1547919700                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime                 0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy            1635600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded                894                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy            1122400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded                636                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy             446800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded                102                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy             428600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded                 89                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy            3252000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded               2060                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy             533600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded                124                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy             379200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded                 88                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy            1839400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded               1091                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy       250447760000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded          229075676                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy      141565489402                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded          57270123                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy      141569500960                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded          57270106                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy      141567182551                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded          57270107                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy      141569942096                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded          57270109                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
timestamp2.system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp2.system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp2.system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
timestamp2.system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
timestamp2.system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
timestamp2.system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
timestamp2.system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp2.system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp2.system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
timestamp2.system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
timestamp2.system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
timestamp2.system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq    229063419                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp    229063419                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq        12601                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp        12601                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback          315                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         3411                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          980                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         4391                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq           34                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp           34                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave    114540313                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave    114540296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave    114540297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave    114540299                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total    458161205                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave    114584974                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave    114585212                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave    114579663                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave    114587310                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total    458337159                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 183250735200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 206158143500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     11340900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     10080800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback      1260000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      2728800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       784000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      3512800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        27200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       136000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp           40                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp        60300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          100                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.failedResp                    41                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess          229075676                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess         229075676                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                   38                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime         56200                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime        60400                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy  45816682100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded     57270190                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy  45816732300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded     57270190                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy  45816735000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded     57270190                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy  45816726700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded     57270190                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy 206171873100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded    229080445                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq          229225387                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         229225387                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             14595                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            14595                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback             7084                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            8174                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1212                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           9386                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             5010                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            5010                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       146366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    229162176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           42                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       105234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    229068841                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           97                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         6372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1796                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          803                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          249                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             458494554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     18734848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    232267898                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           76                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     13469952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    231667144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          172                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       815616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       204396                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       229888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        78372                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        59136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        26637                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              497554263                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 114612835216                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 233761002599                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     14595000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      7297500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    230231996                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      4188297                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       706299                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      2289500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      2702604                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     74560489                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq      9606066                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp         2755                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq           82                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback           78                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           95                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           44                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           12                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            6                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   4901073500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     51761992                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       245000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback      1601980                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      1359500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       784000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        47500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       190499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        87000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.failedReq                      9606377                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.failedResp                        2765                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                229075676                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                     9599723                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime           4805765000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess               229075676                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime         4905254479                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime          51896492                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoops                           21286                       # Total snoops (count)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           179748                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47                179748    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             179748                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       114865259412                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded          229261462                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        2378630133                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded             73183                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy      115003448381                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded         114582927                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy              4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                 4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy             23000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded                23                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy        1710193218                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded             52617                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy      115098669905                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded         114539445                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer8.occupancy             23499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer8.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                23                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy             54499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded                54                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer30.occupancy        103557974                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer30.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded             3186                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy         33680494                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded             1161                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer36.occupancy         29191487                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer36.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded              898                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer37.occupancy         13487999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer37.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded              473                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer38.occupancy             1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer38.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer39.occupancy            10000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer39.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded               10                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy          7507500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              231                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy          3846998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              138                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_access            1573927547                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_access             897120914                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access         222584342                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.numCycles             19724474301                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedInsts         1126520388                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedOps           1126550160                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses   1013057914                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_func_calls              17168                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts    113473344                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_insts          1013057914                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_reads   2246342339                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_writes    674770239                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_cc_register_reads   5396577078                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_cc_register_writes    347070875                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_mem_refs            897120914                       # number of memory refs
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_load_insts          672308866                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_store_insts         224812048                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_busy_cycles       19724474301                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.Branches                113509414                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntAlu        229429246     20.37%     20.37% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     20.37% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     20.37% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     20.37% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     20.37% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     20.37% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     20.37% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     20.37% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     20.37% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     20.37% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     20.37% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     20.37% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     20.37% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     20.37% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     20.37% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     20.37% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.37% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     20.37% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     20.37% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     20.37% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     20.37% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     20.37% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     20.37% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     20.37% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     20.37% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     20.37% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     20.37% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.37% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.37% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemRead       672308866     59.68%     80.04% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemWrite      224812048     19.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::total        1126550160                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples    222583942                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4    222583942    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total    222583942                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          400                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          400    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          400                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       986223                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 90277301.989509                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean 90185645.133909                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 2883366.234437                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06            2      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07          697      0.07%      0.07% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07          406      0.04%      0.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07          386      0.04%      0.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07          403      0.04%      0.19% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07          406      0.04%      0.23% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07          406      0.04%      0.27% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07          394      0.04%      0.31% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07          403      0.04%      0.36% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07       982612     99.63%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08          108      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       986223                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 90277262.082440      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalReadBytes         890335768                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       986223                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean   162.235113                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 12095.862937                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-65535       986040     99.98%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::65536-131071            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::131072-196607            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::196608-262143            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::262144-327679            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::327680-393215            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::393216-458751            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::458752-524287            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-589823            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::589824-655359            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::655360-720895            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::720896-786431            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::786432-851967          149      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::851968-917503            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::917504-983039            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::983040-1.04858e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.11411e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.11411e+06-1.17965e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.17965e+06-1.24518e+06           34      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.24518e+06-1.31072e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       986223                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth   162.234996      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           1600                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples    222583942                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 37204.949884                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 34595.206006                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 15766.464091                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-8191        26642      0.01%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::8192-16383            0      0.00%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-24575    109243617     49.08%     49.09% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%     49.09% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-40959     35665367     16.02%     65.12% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            4      0.00%     65.12% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-57343     75118937     33.75%     98.86% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::57344-65535           16      0.00%     98.86% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-73727           13      0.00%     98.86% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::73728-81919           11      0.00%     98.86% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-90111           13      0.00%     98.86% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           54      0.00%     98.86% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-106495           38      0.00%     98.86% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::106496-114687           29      0.00%     98.86% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-122879          269      0.00%     98.86% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::122880-131071      2007855      0.90%     99.77% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-139263       521077      0.23%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::total    222583942                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          400                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          400    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          400                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::samples    222583942                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   44307.941430                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  30866.047784                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000        22395      0.01%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            1      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000         4088      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000    109204397     49.06%     49.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0      0.00%     49.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        35111      0.02%     49.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000           26      0.00%     49.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000     35645210     16.01%     65.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000        18025      0.01%     65.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           65      0.00%     65.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000     75118840     33.75%     98.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000          118      0.00%     98.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000         2151      0.00%     98.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000           79      0.00%     98.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           44      0.00%     98.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           10      0.00%     98.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            6      0.00%     98.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000          481      0.00%     98.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows      2532895      1.14%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value         7500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value      8153000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::total     222583942                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          400                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 24617559958.750000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 43781763377.627197                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000           68     17.00%     17.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0      0.00%     17.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000          149     37.25%     54.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     54.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0      0.00%     54.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     54.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     54.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     54.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%     54.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     54.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     54.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     54.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     54.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     54.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     54.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     54.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     54.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     54.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     54.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          183     45.75%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value         7000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value 313425752500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          400                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::samples     222584342                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     44307.861806                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    30865.013486                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000        22463      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          140      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000         4247      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000    109204573     49.06%     49.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%     49.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        35111      0.02%     49.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000           26      0.00%     49.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000     35645210     16.01%     65.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000        18025      0.01%     65.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000           69      0.00%     65.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000     75118691     33.75%     98.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000          118      0.00%     98.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000         2154      0.00%     98.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           79      0.00%     98.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           61      0.00%     98.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           10      0.00%     98.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            6      0.00%     98.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000          481      0.00%     98.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows      2532878      1.14%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value         7000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value      8153000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::total       222584342                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       986223                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.839748                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.366840                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       158044     16.03%     16.03% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1       828179     83.97%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       986223                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       986223                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       986223    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       986223                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::samples       986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::mean   225.693254                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::gmean   225.463848                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::stdev     7.212552                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::0-15            2      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          407      0.04%      0.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          321      0.03%      0.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          296      0.03%      0.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          302      0.03%      0.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          306      0.03%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          302      0.03%      0.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          299      0.03%      0.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          314      0.03%      0.26% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          289      0.03%      0.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          313      0.03%      0.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::192-207          306      0.03%      0.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::208-223        19556      1.98%      2.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::224-239       963210     97.67%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::total       986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.000406                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     0.030240                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::0         986040     99.98%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::2            149      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::3             34      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::total       986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq   2475299488                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp   2475299488                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq    224824649                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp    224824649                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.Smon-slave    445168684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port   1349073144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::total   1794241828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port   3147855094                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::total   3147855094                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port    458151352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total    458151352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count::total    5400248274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.Smon-slave    890337368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port   2698054660                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::total   3588392028                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port   6295710188                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::total   6295710188                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port    458159751                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total    458159751                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size::total    10342261967                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 1237649744000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 2696120929000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq 224824649000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp 135427094900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq   1042346780                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp   1136905645                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq    112318593                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp    109748348                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 133660963000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 560060237200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    507647000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp  21949670600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedReq           1154665373                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedResp          1246653993                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqSuccess        229075676                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqFail            17166753                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime   9961901000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespSuccess       229075676                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespFail           14199563                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime   2946848600                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime 134168610000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime 582009907800                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy 111292371000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded    222584342                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy 1351182022000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         13.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded   2477539795                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy 897619051200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization          9.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded    897120914                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy 1664189863400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         16.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded   1573927547                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy 269739109300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded    229075676                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       986223                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       986223    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       986223                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       986223                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       986223    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       986223                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       986223                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       986223    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       986223                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       986223                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       986223    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       986223                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::samples       986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::0          986223    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::total       986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::0         986223    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::total       986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       986223                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       986223    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       986223                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       986223                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       986223    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       986223                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       986223                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       986223    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       986223                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       986223                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       986223    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       986223                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::samples       986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::0          986223    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::total       986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::0         986223    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::total       986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       986223                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       986223    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       986223                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       986223                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       986223    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       986223                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       986223                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       986223    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       986223                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       986223                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       986223    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       986223                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::samples       986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::0          986223    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::total       986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::0         986223    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::total       986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       986223                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       986223    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       986223                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       986223                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       986223    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       986223                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       986223                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       986223    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       986223                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       986223                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       986223    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       986223                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::samples       986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::0          986223    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::total       986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::0         986223    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::total       986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       986223                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       986223    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       986223                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       986223                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       986223    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       986223                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       986223                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       986223    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       986223                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       986223                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       986223    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       986223                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::samples       986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::0          986223    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::total       986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::0         986223    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::total       986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       986223                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       986223    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       986223                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       986223                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       986223    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       986223                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       986223                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       986223    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       986223                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       986223                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       986223    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       986223                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::samples       986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::0          986223    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::total       986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::0         986223    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::total       986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       986223                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       986223    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       986223                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       986223                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       986223    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       986223                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       986223                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       986223    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       986223                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       986223                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       986223    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       986223                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::samples       986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::0          986223    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::total       986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::0         986223    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::total       986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.replacements                       472                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8081.308281                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.total_refs                       33248                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                       472                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     70.440678                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5535.474973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst   174.827925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data    98.310645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     1.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst    49.903741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data    63.068305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst   162.849143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data    53.597474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst            9                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst            4                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst    47.902658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data    37.005649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.586301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.itb.walker     0.586300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst            4                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data    18.010306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst   547.908223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data  1262.276638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.675717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.021341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.012001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.006092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.007699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.019879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.006543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.001099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.005847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.004517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.000072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.itb.walker     0.000072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.002199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.066883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.154087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.986488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8085                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          160                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7908                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.001221                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.986938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   1272428                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  1272428                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst        73173                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         8645                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           42                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst        52477                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         4856                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst         3185                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          432                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst          898                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          156                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          200                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           48                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  144161                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             7084                       # number of Writeback hits
timestamp2.system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  7084                       # number of Writeback hits
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          112                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  152                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 41                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         2127                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2255                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst         73173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data          8672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst         52477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data          6983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst          3185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data           507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst           898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data           174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data            56                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::total                   146416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           19                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst        73173                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data         8672                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           42                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst        52477                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data         6983                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst         3185                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data          507                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            9                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst          898                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data          174                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          200                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data           56                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::total                  146416                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst          140                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           88                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                   344                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         3170                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          194                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total               3406                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          972                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total              980                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  39                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst          140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data          106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::total                    383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data           34                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst          140                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data          106                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data           47                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::total                   383                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      1242500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      3279500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     17732000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     11681500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       124500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       249000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       124500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      4924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      3911500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       497500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        44014500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    113753844                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       327000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       718500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       131000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    114930344                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       131000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       131000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       262000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       877000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2213500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       124500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      1024000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       438500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       4677500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      1242500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4156500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       124000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     17732000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     13895000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       124500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       373500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       124500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       124000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      5948000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      3911500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       936000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total         48692000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      1242500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4156500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       124000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     17732000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     13895000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       124500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       373500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       124500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       124000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      5948000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      3911500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       936000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total        48692000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        73183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         8671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        52617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         4944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst         3186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           52                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              144505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7084                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              7084                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         3282                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          212                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           47                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total             3558                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          987                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           1021                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         2145                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           26                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2294                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        73183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data         8706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        52617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data         7089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst         3186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data          510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data          221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data           64                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::total               146799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        73183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data         8706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        52617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data         7089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst         3186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data          510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data          221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data           64                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::total              146799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.002999                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.023256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.002661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.017799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.004608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.200000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.134199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.076923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.002381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.965874                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.915094                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.595745                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.785714                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.957279                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.984802                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.959843                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.228571                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.008392                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.013158                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.307692                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.017001                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.003905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.023256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.002661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.014953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.005882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.212670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.134199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.125000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.002609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.003905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.023256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.002661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.014953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.005882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.212670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.134199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.125000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.002609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       124250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 126134.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       124000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 126657.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 132744.318182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       124000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 126256.410256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 126177.419355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       124375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127949.127907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 35884.493375                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  1685.567010                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 25660.714286                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 11909.090909                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33743.495009                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   134.773663                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        16375                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   267.346939                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       109625                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 122972.222222                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       124500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       128000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       109625                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119935.897436                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       124250                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       122250                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 126657.142857                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 131084.905660                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       124500                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       124500                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       124500                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 126553.191489                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 126177.419355                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       117000                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 127133.159269                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       124250                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       122250                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 126657.142857                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 131084.905660                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       124500                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       124500                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       124500                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 126553.191489                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 126177.419355                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       117000                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 127133.159269                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  315                       # number of writebacks
timestamp2.system.l2.writebacks::total                       315                       # number of writebacks
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           88                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total              344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         3170                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          194                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          3406                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          972                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          980                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             39                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           47                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total               383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           47                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total              383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      1132500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2993500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     16192000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     10713500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       113500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       227000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       113500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      4495000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      3570500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       453500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40230500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    172129336                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     10522998                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1519000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       598000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       163000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    184932334                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     52688299                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       435000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53123299                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       789000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2015500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       113500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       936000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       394500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4248500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      1132500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      3782500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     16192000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     12729000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       113500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       340500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       113500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      5431000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      3570500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       848000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     44479000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      1132500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      3782500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     16192000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     12729000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       113500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       340500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       113500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      5431000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      3570500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       848000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     44479000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data 3441430907979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data 3438997507980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       360000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       134500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        40000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 6880428950459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data    209518000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data    209550500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       180000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data        60000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        50500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    419359000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data 3441640425979                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data 3439207058480                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       540000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       194500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        90500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 6880848309459                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.002999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.023256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.002661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.017799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.004608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.100000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.134199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.076923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.002381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.965874                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.915094                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.595745                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.785714                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.957279                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.984802                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.959843                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.228571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.008392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.013158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.307692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.003905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.023256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.002661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.014953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000314                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.005882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.100000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.212670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.134199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.125000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.002609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.003905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.023256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.002661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.014953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.005882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.100000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.212670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.134199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.125000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.002609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       113250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 115134.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       113000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 115657.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 121744.318182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       113000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 115256.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 115177.419355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       113375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116949.127907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54299.475079                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54242.257732                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        54250                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 54363.636364                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54333.333333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54296.046389                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54206.068930                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54375                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54207.447959                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        98625                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 111972.222222                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       113500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       117000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        98625                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108935.897436                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       113250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       111250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 115657.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 120084.905660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 115553.191489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 115177.419355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       106000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116133.159269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       113250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       111250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 115657.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 120084.905660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.itb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 115553.191489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 115177.419355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       106000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116133.159269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.l2.waiting_on_retry                    9599493                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples     57265868                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean       2.000483                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.000018                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.350428                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15       57265759    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271          109      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total      57265868                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         3224                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      7.925558                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.768266                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    36.157094                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          3157     97.92%     97.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     97.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     97.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     97.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     97.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     97.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     97.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     97.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     97.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     97.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     97.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     97.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     97.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     97.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     97.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     97.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           67      2.08%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total         3224                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples        986223                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     11615661.975030                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    682100.943611                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07       986203    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07            5      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08            4      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            5      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total          986223                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        11615967.071770      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                 114559422                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples       986223                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean     2435.149048                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   397436.161744                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07       986197    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07           13      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            6      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total         986223                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth        2590.892878      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                  25552                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples        57265868                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       11444.228688                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      11442.934480                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev        203.342390                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::8192-16383     57265759    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::90112-98303          108      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total          57265868                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples           3157                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean      11542.001901                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11539.334891                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev       251.843990                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287         3044     96.42%     96.42% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311          113      3.58%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total             3157                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples            57265868                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           172218.400252                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          28327.245750                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000               6      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000               2      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000              1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows          57265859    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value             87000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value          17546000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total              57265868                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples              3224                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         3059002690.756824                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        3649679024.205287                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows            3224    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value          130000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value     30341077000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total                3224                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples              57269092                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             172208.705107                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            28172.956941                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 6      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 3      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000                3      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows            57269080    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value               87000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value            13204000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                57269092                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples       986223                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.069639                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.254538                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0           917543     93.04%     93.04% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1            68680      6.96%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total       986223                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples       986223                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000008                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.002848                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0          986215    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               8      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total       986223                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples            986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean            58.065819                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            1.428336                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-3                    18      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::4-7                    12      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8-11                    7      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::12-15                  55      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-19                 297      0.03%      0.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::20-23                 171      0.02%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::24-27                 137      0.01%      0.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::28-31                 692      0.07%      0.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-35                 144      0.01%      0.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::36-39                 140      0.01%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::40-43                 144      0.01%      0.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::44-47                 133      0.01%      0.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::48-51                 131      0.01%      0.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::52-55                 307      0.03%      0.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::56-59              983834     99.76%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::60-63                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::64-67                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::68-71                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::72-75                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::76-79                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total              986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples           986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.003263                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           0.072386                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                 983927     99.77%     99.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                   1397      0.14%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                    892      0.09%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total             986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples     57265901                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean       2.000412                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.000016                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.323688                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15       57265808    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           93      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total      57265901                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         3199                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      9.311660                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.837942                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    40.526678                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          3115     97.37%     97.37% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     97.37% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     97.37% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     97.37% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     97.37% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     97.37% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     97.37% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     97.37% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     97.37% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     97.37% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     97.37% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     97.37% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     97.37% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     97.37% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     97.37% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     97.37% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           84      2.63%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total         3199                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples        986223                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     11615360.014926                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    665781.636661                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07       986199    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07            6      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            6      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total          986223                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        11615561.687075      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                 114555424                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples       986223                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean     2864.463717                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   481308.855906                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07       986192    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07           15      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            4      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            7      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total         986223                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth        3020.410029      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                  29788                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples        57265901                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       11444.014383                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      11442.738767                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev        200.542112                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-16383        57265808    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           87      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-114687            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total          57265901                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples           3115                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean      11542.439807                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11539.865243                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev       247.316657                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287         3012     96.69%     96.69% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311          103      3.31%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total             3115                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples            57265901                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           172218.164401                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          28375.016492                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000              11      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000               3      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000              2      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows          57265885    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value             87000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value          19228000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total              57265901                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples              3199                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         3082191355.736167                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        3671109986.552454                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows            3199    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value          135000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value     25533496000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total                3199                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples              57269100                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             172208.371687                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            28142.645302                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000                11      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 3      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000                3      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows            57269083    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value               87000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value            14870000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                57269100                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples       986223                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.069848                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.254891                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0           917337     93.02%     93.02% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1            68886      6.98%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total       986223                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples       986223                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000003                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.001744                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0          986220    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               3      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total       986223                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples            986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean            58.065854                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            1.428502                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-3                    17      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::4-7                    13      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8-11                   10      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::12-15                  57      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-19                 290      0.03%      0.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::20-23                 173      0.02%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::24-27                 134      0.01%      0.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::28-31                 695      0.07%      0.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-35                 146      0.01%      0.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::36-39                 145      0.01%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::40-43                 133      0.01%      0.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::44-47                 134      0.01%      0.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::48-51                 141      0.01%      0.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::52-55                 288      0.03%      0.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::56-59              983847     99.76%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::60-63                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::64-67                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::68-71                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::72-75                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::76-79                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total              986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples           986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.003237                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           0.072736                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                 983961     99.77%     99.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                   1363      0.14%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                    887      0.09%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                      7      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total             986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples     57265834                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean       2.000319                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.000012                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.284808                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15       57265762    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           72      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total      57265834                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         3257                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      9.120970                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.832945                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    39.939667                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          3174     97.45%     97.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     97.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     97.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     97.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     97.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     97.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     97.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     97.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     97.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     97.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     97.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     97.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     97.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     97.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     97.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     97.45% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           83      2.55%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total         3257                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples        986223                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     11614779.416014                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    491438.384545                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07       986198    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07            9      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            4      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            4      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total          986223                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        11615007.248977      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                 114549956                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples       986223                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean     2882.309579                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   512272.894049                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07       986194    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07           13      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            6      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total         986223                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth        3012.196882      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                  29707                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples        57265834                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       11444.128096                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      11442.867020                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev        197.024765                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-16383        57265762    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           66      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-114687            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total          57265834                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples           3174                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean      11545.904222                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11543.181587                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev       254.478793                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287         3054     96.22%     96.22% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311          120      3.78%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total             3174                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples            57265834                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           172218.015423                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          28275.674069                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000              21      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000              2      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows          57265810    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value             86000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value          19401000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total              57265834                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples              3257                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         3028012634.633098                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        3673067631.755723                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows            3257    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value          140000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value     46592434000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total                3257                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples              57269091                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             172208.725139                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            28265.331658                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000                21      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 2      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000                2      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows            57269066    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value               86000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value            18738000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                57269091                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples       986223                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.069909                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.254994                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0           917277     93.01%     93.01% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1            68946      6.99%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total       986223                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples       986223                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000002                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.001424                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0          986221    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               2      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total       986223                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples            986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean            58.065784                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            1.428868                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-3                    17      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::4-7                    12      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8-11                   11      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::12-15                  44      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-19                 301      0.03%      0.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::20-23                 181      0.02%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::24-27                 127      0.01%      0.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::28-31                 702      0.07%      0.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-35                 142      0.01%      0.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::36-39                 144      0.01%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::40-43                 136      0.01%      0.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::44-47                 132      0.01%      0.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::48-51                 141      0.01%      0.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::52-55                 293      0.03%      0.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::56-59              983838     99.76%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::60-63                   2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::64-67                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::68-71                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::72-75                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::76-79                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total              986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples           986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.003296                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           0.074039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                 983935     99.77%     99.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                   1360      0.14%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                    918      0.09%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total             986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples     57265850                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean       2.000461                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.000018                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.342296                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15       57265746    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271          104      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total      57265850                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         3236                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      9.021632                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.842396                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    39.590432                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          3155     97.50%     97.50% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     97.50% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     97.50% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     97.50% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     97.50% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     97.50% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     97.50% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     97.50% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     97.50% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     97.50% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     97.50% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     97.50% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     97.50% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     97.50% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     97.50% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     97.50% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           81      2.50%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total         3236                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples        986223                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     11615736.603182                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    687382.633766                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07       986192    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07            9      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            6      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            4      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total          986223                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        11615834.647455      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                 114558116                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples       986223                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean     2777.870725                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   431875.037311                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07       986187    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07           24      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total         986223                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth        2960.180287      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                  29194                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples        57265850                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       11444.009730                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      11442.717186                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev        209.341906                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-16383        57265746    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           96      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total          57265850                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples           3155                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean      11540.380349                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11537.895355                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev       242.918437                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287         3059     96.96%     96.96% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311           96      3.04%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total             3155                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples            57265850                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           172218.262298                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          28343.262817                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000              17      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000              3      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows          57265829    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value             86000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value          16971000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total              57265850                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples              3236                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         3047663460.135970                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        3635580129.662963                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows            3236    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value          146000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value     25533349000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total                3236                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples              57269086                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             172208.710577                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            28250.689426                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000                17      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 2      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000                3      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows            57269064    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value               86000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value            16971000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                57269086                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples       986223                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.069703                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.254646                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0           917480     93.03%     93.03% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1            68743      6.97%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total       986223                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples       986223                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000004                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.002014                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0          986219    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               4      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total       986223                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples            986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean            58.065806                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            1.428740                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-3                    18      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::4-7                    12      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8-11                    9      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::12-15                  46      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-19                 307      0.03%      0.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::20-23                 178      0.02%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::24-27                 128      0.01%      0.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::28-31                 693      0.07%      0.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-35                 145      0.01%      0.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::36-39                 151      0.02%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::40-43                 131      0.01%      0.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::44-47                 130      0.01%      0.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::48-51                 138      0.01%      0.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::52-55                 316      0.03%      0.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::56-59              983818     99.76%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::60-63                   3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::64-67                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::68-71                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::72-75                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::76-79                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total              986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples           986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.003272                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           0.073103                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                 983958     99.77%     99.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                   1329      0.13%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                    927      0.09%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total             986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples    229063453                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean        2.000419                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean       2.000016                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev       0.326288                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15       229063075    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271          378      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total      229063453                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        12916                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean       8.844921                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.820242                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     39.089708                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          12601     97.56%     97.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     97.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     97.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     97.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     97.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     97.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     97.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     97.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     97.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     97.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     97.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     97.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     97.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     97.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     97.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     97.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271          315      2.44%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         12916                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples         986223                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      46461538.009152                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean                0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     2393464.765419                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07       986193    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08           10      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08            5      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08            3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total           986223                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         46462370.655276      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                  458222918                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples        986223                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     10959.793069                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    1573754.064637                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07       986198    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08           10      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08            3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08            3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08            3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08            3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total          986223                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        11583.680077      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                  114241                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples        229063453                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        20037.056747                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       20036.306879                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev         200.698892                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-16383                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767    229063053    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           22      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          356      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            7      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total          229063453                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples           12601                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean       20114.197286                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20112.561452                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev        259.221990                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479        10231     81.19%     81.19% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527         2370     18.81%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total             12601                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples            229063453                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            43054.603634                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           37020.459256                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000              51175006     22.34%     22.34% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000          20684223      9.03%     31.37% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000         14251787      6.22%     37.59% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000         12588191      5.50%     43.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000          9302650      4.06%     47.15% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000          2960914      1.29%     48.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000          1860956      0.81%     49.25% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000           765434      0.33%     49.59% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          1775014      0.77%     50.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000           761945      0.33%     50.70% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000          1865494      0.81%     51.51% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000          2943503      1.29%     52.80% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000          9323131      4.07%     56.87% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000         12532755      5.47%     62.34% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000         14295533      6.24%     68.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000         20653338      9.02%     77.59% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000         41467363     18.10%     95.70% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000          9854676      4.30%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000               60      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000              73      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows               1407      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value           12853500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total              229063453                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples              12916                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          763567447.429545                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         1454437183.876906                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             11      0.09%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000              0      0.00%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000              1      0.01%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000              1      0.01%      0.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000              1      0.01%      0.11% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000              4      0.03%      0.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000              5      0.04%      0.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000              3      0.02%      0.20% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             14      0.11%      0.31% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000              1      0.01%      0.32% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000              1      0.01%      0.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000              1      0.01%      0.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000              0      0.00%      0.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000              2      0.02%      0.35% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000           4005     31.01%     31.36% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            378      2.93%     34.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000          4016     31.09%     65.38% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows             4472     34.62%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            16500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value       6816496000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                12916                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples              229076369                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              43052.180345                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             37009.322964                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                51176457     22.34%     22.34% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            20685569      9.03%     31.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000           14253264      6.22%     37.59% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000           12590471      5.50%     43.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            9304476      4.06%     47.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            2962600      1.29%     48.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            1862165      0.81%     49.26% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000             766583      0.33%     49.59% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            1775899      0.78%     50.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000             763108      0.33%     50.70% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            1866679      0.81%     51.51% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            2945168      1.29%     52.80% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            9324960      4.07%     56.87% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           12534912      5.47%     62.34% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000           14296985      6.24%     68.58% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           20654669      9.02%     77.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           41468114     18.10%     95.70% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            9842782      4.30%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 42      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000                60      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows                 1406      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value             12853500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                229076369                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       986223                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.464789                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.711813                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0            655019     66.42%     66.42% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1            204022     20.69%     87.10% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2            127182     12.90%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total        986223                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       986223                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean      0.000026                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.005134                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0           986197    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1               26      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total       986223                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples             986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean            232.263263                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean                    0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev             5.598969                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-15                    18      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::16-31                   13      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-47                   10      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::48-63                   53      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-79                  318      0.03%      0.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::80-95                  164      0.02%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::96-111                 134      0.01%      0.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::112-127                694      0.07%      0.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-143                145      0.01%      0.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::144-159                142      0.01%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::160-175                138      0.01%      0.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::176-191                130      0.01%      0.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::192-207                141      0.01%      0.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::208-223                187      0.02%      0.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::224-239             983936     99.77%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::240-255                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::256-271                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::272-287                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::288-303                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::304-319                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::total               986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples            986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             0.013068                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            0.204578                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-1                981998     99.57%     99.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::2-3                  4184      0.42%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4-5                    26      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::6-7                     3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8-9                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::10-11                   3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12-13                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::14-15                   3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-17                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::18-19                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::20-21                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::22-23                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::24-25                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::28-29                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total              986223                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                   917397676                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                        10                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                  458965453                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        2                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses               917397686                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses              458965455                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.hits                       1376363129                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.misses                             12                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                   1376363141                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                  3548536365                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         2                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses              3548536367                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.hits                       3548536365                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.accesses                   3548536367                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.numCycles                     19724474302                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp2.system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp2.system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.committedInsts                 3211100048                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.committedOps                   3440967924                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           3326097536                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_func_calls                  229323318                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    114886509                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  3326097536                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         5162252468                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        2637791759                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads         13075342408                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes         1261556506                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                   1376418940                       # number of memory refs
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  917435227                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_store_insts                 458983713                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles               1826.013999                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              19724472475.986000                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.Branches                        344225059                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               2064595638     60.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   25102      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                42      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               917435227     26.66%     86.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite              458983713     13.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::total                3441039722                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      10                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            73183                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         3548632101                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            73183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         48489.841917                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       7097145913                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      7097145913                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst   3548463182                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     3548463182                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst   3548463182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      3548463182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst   3548463182                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     3548463182                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst        73183                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        73183                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst        73183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         73183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst        73183                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        73183                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   1021574133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1021574133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   1021574133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1021574133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   1021574133                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1021574133                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst   3548536365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   3548536365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst   3548536365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   3548536365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst   3548536365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   3548536365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 13959.172663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13959.172663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 13959.172663                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13959.172663                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 13959.172663                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13959.172663                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        73183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        73183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        73183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        73183                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73183                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    874842867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    874842867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    874842867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    874842867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    874842867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    874842867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 11954.181531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11954.181531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 11954.181531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11954.181531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 11954.181531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11954.181531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry              2951                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             9727                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          243.591705                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs         1058741158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             9727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs         108845.600699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   243.591705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.951530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.951530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          242                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.945312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       2523614337                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      2523614337                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data    802810021                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      802810021                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data    458943924                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     458943924                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        12910                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        12910                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         7143                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7143                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         6126                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         6126                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data   1261753945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total      1261753945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data   1261766855                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total     1261766855                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        11941                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11941                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         7029                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7029                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          115                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          115                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         1085                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1085                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data        18970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         18970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data        19085                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        19085                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    139989495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    139989495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    276036999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    276036999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1400000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1400000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     69605500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     69605500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    416026494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    416026494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    416026494                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    416026494                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data    802821962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    802821962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data    458950953                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    458950953                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        13025                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        13025                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         7233                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7233                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         7211                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7211                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data   1261772915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1261772915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data   1261785940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1261785940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.008829                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.008829                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.012443                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.012443                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.150465                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.150465                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 11723.431455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11723.431455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 39271.162185                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39271.162185                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 15555.555556                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15555.555556                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 64152.534562                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64152.534562                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 21930.758777                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21930.758777                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 21798.611161                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21798.611161                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3529                       # number of writebacks
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3529                       # number of writebacks
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        11941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         7029                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7029                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          115                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          115                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1085                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         1085                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        18970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        19085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    116102505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116102505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    261978001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    261978001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1405000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1405000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        51000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        51000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     67435500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67435500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    378080506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    378080506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    379485506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    379485506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data 4819022394613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 4819022394613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data    293376500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    293376500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data 4819315771113                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 4819315771113                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.008829                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008829                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.150465                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.150465                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  9723.013567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9723.013567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 37271.020202                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37271.020202                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 12217.391304                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12217.391304                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data         4250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         4250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 62152.534562                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62152.534562                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 19930.443121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19930.443121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 19883.966780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19883.966780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry           5843431                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                   916908536                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                        29                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                  458663552                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        3                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses               916908565                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses              458663555                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.hits                       1375572088                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.misses                             32                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                   1375572120                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                  3548808678                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                        12                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses              3548808690                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.hits                       3548808678                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.misses                             12                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.accesses                   3548808690                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.numCycles                     19719889175                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp2.system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp2.system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.committedInsts                 3209345350                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.committedOps                   3439003755                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           3324216592                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                   145                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_func_calls                  229212064                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts    114798703                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  3324216592                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                          145                       # number of float instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         5159114602                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        2636310597                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  81                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                 64                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads         13067930703                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes         1260843627                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                   1375615950                       # number of memory refs
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  916938488                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 458677462                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              11139998.507556                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              19708749176.492443                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.999435                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.000565                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.Branches                        344025978                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               2063419624     60.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   25137      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                61      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               916938488     26.66%     86.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              458677462     13.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::total                3439060773                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       9                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements            52617                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         3548691499                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs            52617                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         67443.820419                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses       7097669973                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses      7097669973                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst   3548756061                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     3548756061                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst   3548756061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      3548756061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst   3548756061                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     3548756061                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst        52617                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        52617                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst        52617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total         52617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst        52617                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total        52617                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    753955717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    753955717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    753955717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    753955717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    753955717                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    753955717                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst   3548808678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   3548808678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst   3548808678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   3548808678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst   3548808678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   3548808678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 14329.127791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14329.127791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 14329.127791                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14329.127791                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 14329.127791                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14329.127791                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        52617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        52617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        52617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        52617                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52617                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    648440281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    648440281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    648440281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    648440281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    648440281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    648440281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 12323.779026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12323.779026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 12323.779026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12323.779026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 12323.779026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12323.779026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry              2211                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             9822                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          225.171715                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs         1145567613                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             9822                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs         116632.825596                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   225.171715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.879577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.879577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.894531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       2522124227                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      2522124227                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data    802371784                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      802371784                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data    458644985                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     458644985                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         5207                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         5207                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         5296                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         5296                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         5288                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         5288                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data   1261016769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total      1261016769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data   1261021976                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total     1261021976                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        14424                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14424                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         5906                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5906                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           85                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           85                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          103                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          103                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           81                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           81                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data        20330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         20330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data        20415                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        20415                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    132847497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    132847497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     94010491                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     94010491                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1782500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1782500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1992000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1992000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    226857988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    226857988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    226857988                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    226857988                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data    802386208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    802386208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data    458650891                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    458650891                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         5292                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         5292                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         5399                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         5399                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         5369                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         5369                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data   1261037099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1261037099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data   1261042391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1261042391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.016062                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.016062                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.019078                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.019078                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.015087                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.015087                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  9210.170341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9210.170341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 15917.793938                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15917.793938                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 17305.825243                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17305.825243                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 24592.592593                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24592.592593                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 11158.779538                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11158.779538                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 11112.318785                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11112.318785                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3142                       # number of writebacks
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             3142                       # number of writebacks
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        14424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         5906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           85                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           85                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           81                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           81                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        20330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        20330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        20415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    103997501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103997501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     82189509                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82189509                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1437500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1437500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       349000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       349000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1830000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1830000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    186187010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    186187010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    187624510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    187624510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data 4815019001084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 4815019001084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data    293618500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    293618500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data 4815312619584                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 4815312619584                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.016062                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016062                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.003704                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003704                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.015087                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015087                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  7210.031961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7210.031961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 13916.273112                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13916.273112                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 16911.764706                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16911.764706                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        17450                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        17450                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 22592.592593                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22592.592593                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  9158.239547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9158.239547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  9190.522165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9190.522165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry           3757554                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp2.system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp2.system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          217.997665                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   217.997665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.851553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.851553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp2.system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp2.system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 168                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data          168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.656250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.656250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.656250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp2.system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp2.system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 174                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data          174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.679688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.679688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.679688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                       43964                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                      36302                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                   43964                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                  36302                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.hits                            80266                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                        80266                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                      193874                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                  193874                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.hits                           193874                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.accesses                       193874                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.numCycles                     17999784949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp2.system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp2.system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.committedInsts                     192536                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.committedOps                       222526                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses               203931                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_func_calls                      10697                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts        22810                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_int_insts                      203931                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads             364910                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes            140475                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads              821697                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes              82864                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                        86394                       # number of memory refs
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_load_insts                      45266                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_store_insts                     41128                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              17999004808.523598                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              780140.476403                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.000043                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.999957                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.Branches                            33701                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                   142085     61.99%     61.99% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                     688      0.30%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                54      0.02%     62.31% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.31% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.31% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.31% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                   45266     19.75%     82.06% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                  41128     17.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::total                    229221                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       9                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements             3186                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs             178050                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs             3186                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs            55.885122                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses           390934                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses          390934                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst       190688                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         190688                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst       190688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total          190688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst       190688                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total         190688                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst         3186                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         3186                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst         3186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total          3186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst         3186                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total         3186                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     46282974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     46282974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     46282974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     46282974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     46282974                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     46282974                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst       193874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       193874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst       193874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total       193874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst       193874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total       193874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 14526.984934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14526.984934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 14526.984934                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14526.984934                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 14526.984934                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14526.984934                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst         3186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst         3186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst         3186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     39885026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39885026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     39885026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39885026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     39885026                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39885026                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 12518.840552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12518.840552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 12518.840552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12518.840552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 12518.840552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12518.840552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                92                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements              925                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          213.014243                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs              18009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              925                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs            19.469189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   213.014243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.832087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.832087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.816406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           161512                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses          161512                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data        42133                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          42133                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data        35701                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         35701                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          398                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          398                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          416                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          416                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          405                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          405                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data        77834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total           77834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data        78232                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total          78232                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          895                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          895                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          160                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          160                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           52                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           52                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           52                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           52                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           27                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           27                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data         1055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total          1055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data         1107                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total         1107                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     10973495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10973495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      3620499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3620499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       491000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       491000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       427500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       427500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     14593994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     14593994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     14593994                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     14593994                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data        43028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        43028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data        35861                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35861                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          450                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          450                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          468                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          468                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          432                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          432                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data        78889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total        78889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data        79339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total        79339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.020800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.004462                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004462                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.115556                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.115556                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.111111                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.062500                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.062500                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.013373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.013953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 12260.888268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12260.888268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 22628.118750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22628.118750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  9442.307692                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9442.307692                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 15833.333333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15833.333333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 13833.169668                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13833.169668                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 13183.373080                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13183.373080                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          288                       # number of writebacks
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total              288                       # number of writebacks
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data           52                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           52                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           52                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           27                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         1055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         1107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      9178505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9178505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      3299501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3299501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       491000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       491000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       373500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       373500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     12478006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12478006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     12969006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12969006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       576000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       576000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       283500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       283500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       859500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       859500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.020800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.004462                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004462                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.115556                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115556                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.062500                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062500                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.013373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.013953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 10255.312849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10255.312849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 20621.881250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20621.881250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  9442.307692                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9442.307692                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 13833.333333                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13833.333333                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 11827.493839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11827.493839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 11715.452575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11715.452575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry                38                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                       15958                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         9                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                      14438                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        1                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                   15967                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                  14439                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.hits                            30396                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.misses                             10                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                        30406                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                       73025                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         1                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                   73026                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.hits                            73025                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.misses                              1                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.accesses                        73026                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.numCycles                     19799943177                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp2.system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp2.system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.committedInsts                      72721                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.committedOps                        80022                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                71888                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_func_calls                       2798                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts         8997                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_int_insts                       71888                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads             130938                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes             48110                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads              292913                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes              30124                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                        31737                       # number of memory refs
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_load_insts                      16243                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_store_insts                     15494                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              19799633697.637661                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              309479.362340                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.000016                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.999984                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.Branches                            11865                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                    49540     60.79%     60.79% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                     209      0.26%     61.04% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     61.04% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     61.04% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     61.04% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     61.04% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     61.04% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     61.04% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     61.04% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     61.04% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     61.04% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     61.04% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     61.04% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     61.04% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     61.04% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     61.04% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     61.04% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     61.04% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     61.04% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     61.04% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     61.04% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     61.04% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.04% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.04% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     61.04% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                14      0.02%     61.06% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     61.06% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     61.06% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     61.06% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                   16243     19.93%     80.99% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                  15494     19.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::total                     81500                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements              898                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs              69774                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs              898                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs            77.699332                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses           146948                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses          146948                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst        72127                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          72127                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst        72127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total           72127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst        72127                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total          72127                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.inst          898                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          898                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.inst          898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total           898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.inst          898                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total          898                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     12859987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12859987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     12859987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12859987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     12859987                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12859987                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst        73025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        73025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst        73025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total        73025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst        73025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total        73025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.012297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.012297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.012297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 14320.698218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14320.698218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 14320.698218                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14320.698218                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 14320.698218                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14320.698218                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     11051013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11051013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     11051013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11051013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     11051013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11051013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.012297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.012297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.012297                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012297                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 12306.250557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12306.250557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 12306.250557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12306.250557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 12306.250557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12306.250557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                28                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements              321                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          194.159571                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs               9694                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              321                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs            30.199377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   194.159571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.758436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.758436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          218                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          218                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.851562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            61188                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses           61188                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data        15335                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          15335                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu6.data        14248                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         14248                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          104                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          104                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          109                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          109                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data        29583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total           29583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data        29687                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total          29687                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data          370                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           15                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           15                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           13                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           13                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data          435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total           435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data          450                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total          450                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      8301999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8301999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      2217000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2217000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       610500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       610500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       237500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       237500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     10518999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     10518999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     10518999                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     10518999                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data        15705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        15705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data        14313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        14313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          119                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          119                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          128                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          128                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          122                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          122                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data        30018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total        30018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data        30137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total        30137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.023559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.004541                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004541                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.126050                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.126050                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.125000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.125000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.106557                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.106557                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.014491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.014932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 22437.835135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22437.835135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 34107.692308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34107.692308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 38156.250000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38156.250000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 18269.230769                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18269.230769                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 24181.606897                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24181.606897                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 23375.553333                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23375.553333                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           85                       # number of writebacks
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total               85                       # number of writebacks
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           15                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           13                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      7561001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7561001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      2087000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2087000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       486000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       486000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       125500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       125500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       211500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       211500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      9648001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9648001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     10134001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10134001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       206500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       206500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data        94500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        94500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       301000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       301000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.023559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.004541                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004541                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.126050                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126050                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.007812                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007812                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.106557                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.106557                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.014491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.014932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 20435.137838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20435.137838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 32107.692308                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32107.692308                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        32400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        32400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       125500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       125500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 16269.230769                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16269.230769                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 22179.312644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22179.312644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 22520.002222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22520.002222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                24                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        2119                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         2                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       1892                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    2121                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   1892                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.hits                             4011                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                         4013                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                        9953                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                    9953                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.hits                             9953                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.accesses                         9953                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.numCycles                     19724474351                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp2.system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp2.system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.committedInsts                       9777                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.committedOps                        11618                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                10714                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_func_calls                        664                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         1137                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       10714                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              19490                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes              7333                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads               42488                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes               4556                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                         4364                       # number of memory refs
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       2202                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      2162                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              19724412760.997845                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              61590.002153                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.000003                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.999997                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.Branches                             1840                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                     7598     63.29%     63.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      38      0.32%     63.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     63.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     63.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     63.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     63.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.05%     63.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    2202     18.34%     81.99% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   2162     18.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::total                     12006                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              231                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs              14903                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              231                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs            64.515152                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            20137                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           20137                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst         9722                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           9722                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst         9722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total            9722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst         9722                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total           9722                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          231                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          231                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          231                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          231                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      7301500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7301500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      7301500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7301500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      7301500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7301500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst         9953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst         9953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total         9953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst         9953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total         9953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 31608.225108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31608.225108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 31608.225108                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31608.225108                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 31608.225108                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31608.225108                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      6839500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6839500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      6839500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6839500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      6839500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6839500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 29608.225108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29608.225108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 29608.225108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29608.225108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 29608.225108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29608.225108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                30                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements               78                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          230.995385                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs               4059                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               78                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            52.038462                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   230.995385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.902326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.902326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.863281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             8132                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses            8132                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         1946                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           1946                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         1821                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          1821                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           24                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           24                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           39                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           39                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data         3767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total            3767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data         3791                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total           3791                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           96                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           96                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           24                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           24                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          125                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          125                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1588498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1588498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       838500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       838500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       183000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       183000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       129500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       129500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2426998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      2426998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2426998                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      2426998                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         2042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         1845                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1845                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           29                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           29                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           46                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           46                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           45                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           45                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total         3887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.047013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.047013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013008                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013008                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.172414                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.172414                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.152174                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.152174                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.133333                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.133333                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.030872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.031920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 16546.854167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16546.854167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 34937.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34937.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 26142.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26142.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 21583.333333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21583.333333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 20224.983333                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20224.983333                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 19415.984000                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19415.984000                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           40                       # number of writebacks
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               40                       # number of writebacks
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1394502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1394502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       790500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       790500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       151500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       151500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        27500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       117500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       117500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2185002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2185002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2336502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2336502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        98000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        98000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       162000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       162000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.047013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013008                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013008                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.172414                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.172414                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.065217                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065217                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.133333                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133333                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.030872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.031920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 14526.062500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14526.062500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 32937.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32937.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        30300                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        30300                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  9166.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9166.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 19583.333333                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19583.333333                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 18208.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18208.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 18692.016000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18692.016000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 9                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.offload_kernel 9862237151000 # Number of ticks simulated [timestamp2_sim_ticks]
